**Ben Silbermann at Startup School 2012-KYQHPHYs2Os.mp4**

\[00:00:00\] Well first thanks for having me. It\'s really exciting for
me to be here in front of like so many people that all want to build
cool things. I was I was getting ready for the talk last night. And I
was going back through all the e-mails because sometimes your memory is
a little bit hazy. And I found an e-mail from March 2010 which was
roughly like three and a half months after we\'d launch Pinterest and
it\'s an e-mail to our advisors and our investors at the time and I
thought I would read it to you. So it\'s kind of like a cool blast from
the past for me says Hey everyone I wanted to provide a quick update
from Code Blue Labs which is a company name just to review we launched a
Web site called Pinterest. It\'s a tool for people to share and discover
the things they love. People join Pinterest to create these collections
or pin boards into follow collections created by their friends. We\'re
happy to say that we\'re making good progress. Today we have almost 3000
registered users in our daily pin count is steadily increasing. I\'m
also happy to say that we\'ve made big operational improvements. We\'re
relocating our offices to a new building just a few blocks away. The
price will decrease as we are sharing it with another Y Combinator
startup Shardlow. And we\'ve also gotten some free Amazon hosting
credits. So. A couple funny things about the e-mail in general. The
first is that the new location in question is a dilapidated two bedroom
apartment on California Avenue. And in fact when I told Jessica
Livingston that we were moving there she said oh my god. I thought that
place was a profile and the second is the exact setup of the place. So
we had two bedrooms one of which my co-founder Paul lived in in one of
which Dave the co-founder of Chardy lived in. This is a picture of Dave
and we worked out of the living room. These two companies all together
pretty much all day. And Dave was a late night guy who\'s hackers hacker
always up till 4a.m. And so when we were having meetings with investors
or with users every once in a while Dave would kind of saunter out in
his towel because that was how he had to get to the shower and just sort
of wave at everyone and it was really awkward. And so a little bit later
when we all got to go watch The Social Network we made a pact that if
anyone ever made a movie about our company they would get to be played
by Ryan Gosling cause Ryan Gosling is awesome abs. So the other thing
though that\'s like a little bit more serious is if you think about it
for months in three thousand accounts for consumers start up is really
not very good. And I think the thing that surprised me the most in
starting a company after reading about you know Facebook hits Harvard 95
percent penetration in two weeks like Instagram shoots to a million
people. Is that it can take a really really long time to build things
that are worthwhile. So March 2010 we launched Pinterest where 3000
accounts. And that wouldn\'t be so bad if we hadn\'t started building
Pinterest. Actually in November 2009 and that alone wouldn\'t have been
so bad if I hadn\'t left my job to start a company. In May 2008 a lot of
people say things like running a startup is like running a marathon. And
I think the part of the analogy that\'s right is that it\'s long but
it\'s actually really different. Mean I think when I think about my
experience it\'s more like going on a road trip like in a car that
doesn\'t have good headlights and you know very much gas and you think
you\'re going to Toledo but you find out you\'re supposed to be in Miami
and if you really run out of gas you might have to buy gas from someone
that might just kick you out of your own driver seat. And that
uncertainty the fact that every single day you\'re dealing with a lot of
choices and you don\'t have a lot of perfect information is for me the
lesson that was hardest to learn and continues to be a real challenge in
doing a startup today. So I\'m going to talk a little bit about kind of
our journey through this kind of weird process and a few the things that
we learned along the way. Number one lesson making things can take a
long time. So 2008 I was working at Google and I was an ad sense not as
an engineer but working basically doing customer support taking feedback
from users and feeding it back into the advertising products. The reason
I was there was because I\'d come from WashingtonD.C. where I was
working as a consultant and growing up even though I always looked up to
anybody that made things where there was an architect or an engineer or
an artist. I\'d always kind of thought that I was going to be a doctor.
And so I pursued that path which is the same path my parents pursued the
same path that both my sister pursued. So when I graduated from college
and decided I didn\'t want to be a doctor I was a little bit lost. But
even then like even other the times I thought I was going to be a doctor
I had this real interest in technology I thought it was really cool. So
when I was an undergrad I made a program with some friends that let you
try on glasses online. And it was appropriate because both my parents
were opthamologists when I was at my consulting job inD.C. a good friend
of mine named Altay had me help him out with his wife. He started up
what he was trying to help market bands. He was musician in a band. And
even when I moved out to California I was at Google. I was working on
another Web site which was a quiz Web site that let anybody play quiz
questions about anything they wanted. And the common theme through all
these things was that for some reason I kept going back to the idea of
building a product. I thought that was a really exciting thing to do but
it always stalled and I always had an excuse for why it stalled. It
wasn\'t the right market. I needed to learn more by working at Google.
It wasn\'t the right timing but actually the dependent variable was just
me right. The dependent variable was that I never actually committed and
put myself in a situation where I had to make it work. And so I think
for me I paid too much attention to talks where people basically build
something huge on the side and they were pulled out of their job and
everything was working. For me at least the act of committing to going
out and going doing it turned out to be a really important thing. And so
I don\'t know if this applies to everyone I\'ve heard of a lot of people
that have successfully built things on the side and then gently
transition it into a full time gig. But at least in my situation for a
person that really like puts his heart into whatever job is at hand. It
was a really important stuff. I actually remember the night that I made
the call. I was sitting at dinner with my girlfriend and now my wife and
I was talking about some cool idea that I think would be great how we
could build it and how we could market it. And she looked at me and said
you know you should either do it or just just stop talking about it. And
it was a little bit harsh but honestly it was the best thing someone
could have told me because she was absolutely right. And I feel
genuinely thankful that someone was honest enough of my life to just
call me out and say make it happen or don\'t make it happen but just
make your call and be happy with that call. And so I\'m always really
thankful for her giving me that advice. So I left in 2008 and I hooked
up with one of my friends named Paul he was a great friend from college.
Super driven guy and we decided that the thing we were really interested
in was mobile. So the iPhone had come out recently in a platform may
come out and so people were really excited about it and the product that
we wanted to build was called toat. It was a shopping catalog on the
phone. And the reason I thought this would be so cool was that I got all
these catalogs in the mail dumped on my doorstep and I had this brand
new. Like really cool phone and I just wanted to see something running
on this phone. And so we got to work and we started prototyping it. We
did it out of savings. But there were some problems. The first was that
it took a really long time to get things built and approved by Apple. A
really long time back then you had no idea what it was going to get
approved you had no idea it was going to happen. And second there were a
lot of unsolved problems back then. We had sort of these grand ideas of
doing all sorts of offline caching. Being able to use this thing in the
subway being able to eventually process payments. We put all those ideas
into this prototype and it made me really hard to ship. And not
surprisingly sooner or later we were in a situation where we really
needed to raise some money and it was 2008 and you had to non-technical
cofounders and it was a really bleak time. There are lots of ways for
investors to say no to and I\'m pretty sure that I\'ve heard all of them
like I\'ve heard every single one like these are the top three. Like no
one is call me back in a few months. This is kind of the most painful is
it\'s like you ask someone out on a date and not right now but maybe
maybe in November. Right. That one that one is like really really hard
to hear because you\'re going to have even less money and you even have
less leverage in negotiation. The second is who else is in. This is one
that you hear all the time it\'s like it\'s not good enough for me by
myself. But if there are other people with whom money I\'d be willing to
consider it. And then there were the occasional people that were really
blunt. They were just like there\'s no way this is going to happen. This
is this is insane. It\'s totally crazy. I remember really vividly I went
to a session where I was pitching actually a whole group of investors up
on Silicon Valley and it\'s really intimidating. You\'re looking at
these people build great companies and I\'m about five minutes into
explaining what we\'re doing. Everyone starts just like heading for the
door. And I was like Man Like what. What am I doing wrong. And I found
out that they had brought a tray of free cookies. And. What I was saying
was interesting enough to keep them in their seats as long as they were
like no cookies in the background. You know we\'ve done fundraising a
few times and sometimes it\'s been easier and sometimes it\'s been
really really hard. We\'ve done it where we\'ve flown to all the coasts
we\'ve tracked down everyone in our alumni directory whether they were
tech investors or not investors. We\'ve done it a bunch and I think
I\'ve learned like three important lessons that I think any entrepreneur
should should know if they are starting the kind of company they think
will need funding. The first is that even rich people. Are subject to
free cookies. Like even even though you\'re really rich you\'re probably
still the kind of person that is influenced by free. And that lesson is
actually something really important that said investors are just people
too right. Investors are just regular people that happen to have other
people\'s money or their own money that they\'re willing to put forward.

\[00:09:57\] And even though they have a really good opinion on things
they might be wrong. And that was something it was really hard for me to
swallow because I really looked up to all these people you know the
second lesson is that if you really need money and they have money and
they know they\'re the only person that can give you the money you
don\'t really have any leverage whatsoever. You have zero leverage and
that puts you in a really tough spot. You can\'t really negotiate its
2008. They know it\'s 2008 sirup it\'s kind of crappy nobody really uses
it. There\'s nothing you can do unless you hack that system right unless
you somehow turn the tables and give them a reason that you should have
the leverage and those reasons generally are fear of losing the deal
right. Or the belief that this thing is just going to be so big that
whether you give them money or not you\'re just going to be wildly
successful. Number two is a hard case for us to sell. So we sell for
number one and that was a really important thing. And the very last
thing I learned and this was something that was especially true when
you\'re kind of driving up Sanho road which I don\'t know if you guys
have been too far would look like the Emerald City but it kind of looks
like a ski lodge with no mountain. It\'s just very like normal
buildings. The final thing I learned is that people are going to give
you all kinds of advice and I think it\'s really easy to take that
advice because you walk into a room and there\'s like Google\'s first
stock certificate. And you know there is like invented Yahoo. Like his
people are really really really smart. But if you look at the returns on
venture capital it\'s pretty shaky. Like we\'re in a pretty high
volatility industry. And one thing that we always told ourselves and one
thing that I really really believe is that fundamentally the Future is
Unwritten like you knew they would be done right. And so people can tell
you that you should be more technical they can tell you that you\'re in
the wrong market they can tell you all of these things and those things
might be true and you should assess them for yourself but you shouldn\'t
take it on face because they could be wrong. And in the back of your
head you have to remember something that for all the millions of
dollars. Venture capital investors have made for all the certificates
that are on the wall there is little trophy\'s when things go IPO for
all of those things. There are things that they passed on and those are
the things that actually burned them up. Those are the ones that haunt
them at night. And I think that if you can convince somebody that you
just might be the one that\'s going to beat the odds you can be
successful and it\'s a general idea that I think it\'s important whether
you\'re recruiting whether you\'re raising money whether you just need
to make a final push in adjusting your product. So eventually you put
money together and we\'re working back onto it. We were solving the same
fundamental problem that we couldn\'t iterate and improve fast enough
and we were fundraising on the East Coast. And while I was out there I
met this really great guy named Evan Sharp. Evan is a Columbia graduate
student at the time who\'s studying architecture. And we just hit it off
and Evan and Paul and I are commiserating about this whole dilemma and
we\'re just thinking I will be cool to build like what do we just want
to see and really what we wanted to see was we wanted to see something
out there in the world. We just wanted to see somebody using something.
Somebody asked me once like What\'s my what\'s my big plan like what
would make me really happy when we\'re starting ventures I was like
cheese I just want to go somewhere and see somebody they don\'t know
using something that I made and how to be kind of useful. That is what I
thought was really exciting. And so we came up with ideas for something
that was web based really simple something that we would use personally
and that was Pinterest. We\'d learned a lesson from doing the iPhone app
and it was that even though we had all these ideas of all these great
features that were cramming in we weren\'t great at one thing. There
wasn\'t one thing that was special about it. People talk a lot about
like a minimum viable product or when you should ship something. And my
advice is you should ship when you have one thing that you\'re proud of.
Like one thing that is worthy of someone\'s time and I could take you a
long time and it could take you not very long at all but if it\'s not
worth their time to check out you\'re not going to get any good feedback
on whether it\'s good or not they\'re going to see it they\'re gonna be
like this is crap. Thank you for the feedback. Start again. And we
decided that the one thing we had to do really well if we were going to
make a Web site about collections we had to make it look really cool. We
didn\'t look cool. No one is gonna make a collection because they don\'t
want to show their friends because this thing that they just made looks
really lame. So this is the first version of Pinterest and it didn\'t
look very cool in November 2009. We started building the basic
infrastructure and started really iterating on what it could look like
how could you make it look really interesting. So we went through a lot
of versions of this vertical grid horizontal grid both left side NAV
right side NAV top nav different logos and we waited until we felt we
had something that we thought was really cool and we would show it to
people along the way we would show them something that we thought was a
little bit of an improvement. And we finally felt ready to launch it. I
emailed out to all my friends like all my family and I look at this
really cool thing we\'re really jazzed about it and basically no one
responded. There\'s basically no response at all 3000 accounts not
active users accounts is pretty bad if you three people actively pushing
it out to every single person they know every day for four months. But
there was something that was really positive and it was that the few
people they used it myself amongst them actually really loved it and
instead of immediately changing the product I was like maybe I can just
find more people like me. And that also fits with our current operating
strategy since we don\'t have very good engineering resources. So we\'re
just going to market this thing and that\'s what we started to do when
we started to have media offices serve for speed up in San Francisco. It
was a store called Rare device. We did another meet up later at West
Dalma so a little bit later we all tried to make it fun do fun pictures
and we also marketed it online. So we had a campaign with a blogger that
I had met named Victoria who is a wonderful woman and we had something
called Pinit forward where everyone would create a pinboard about what
home meant to them and it was organized like a chain letter like one
person would introduce the next person would introduce the next person
and everyone who participated would get invites to invite other people.
And the thing about it that really worked was we found this little group
of people that were interested in the same thing and we showed them how
the service could be helpful to them. And fundamentally that\'s what
Pinterest is about. It\'s about finding people who share common
interests and those people maybe your friends they may not be your
friends but we needed a different strategy for going out than all the
strategies that we were reading about in terms of general social sites.
So it\'s a really really exciting moment for us. And the best moment of
all was when things started to grow.

\[00:16:23\] When we went to that meet up even though we had very very
few users I distinctly remember the people hadn\'t met each other before
we\'re having real conversations. They weren\'t bullshit conversations
they were asking about things in their life so they never would have
known if they were just following each other on Twitter or if they\'re
just looking at each other\'s Facebook projects. They found people there
were saying hey how\'s the gardening project that you\'re working on.
How is your new living room. How is all that stuff going. And it felt
like that was the kernel of something really special the idea that you
could use a service online that you found out about you could go to a
physical place and you could find that same person you had a genuine
connection. A lot of people in Silicon Valley didn\'t get. And I still
don\'t know if they really get Pinterest a lot of them kind of look at
it and they said well it\'s visual it\'s not organized in real time
which was a big theme back then. It doesn\'t have a feed like it didn\'t
really make sense to them why anyone would use it. But the fact that it
made sense to someone was what really mattered to me. And I think it
ties back to what I told you guys about investors. A lot of people are
reading tech press investors read the same hacker news articles that
everyone reads there\'s now some secret special hacker news that has the
real companies that you want to invest in. They\'re reading the same
tech crunch articles they\'re getting the same data. It\'s incredibly
democratic. You have access to all the information they have access to
and that also means that just like anyone else they may be subject to
the same biases and trends in bubbles and reports that happen in the
general consumer media. At the time we were like the polar opposite of
what people wanted to see Twitter FriendFeed Facebook were these hot
companies right. Because they were real time Google was like we need to
do real time search. Everything had to be a text based feed that could
be accessed on your phone. And here we come in we\'re saying it\'s not
real time. It\'s all visual. So they\'re drawing their two by two
matrix. They\'re like this is a disaster. This is like the worst thing
that could happen. And eventually what we can tell them eventually is we
would show them real users and eventually those users where their wives
or venturer users were people they knew when they were alive. And
that\'s one of became a lot easier to get things done. So where are we
today. We live in San Francisco now. We\'ve just moved our office from
Palo Alto sadly I love Palo Alto and we\'re building out a team of
people that are really diverse. I mean I think the thing that we learned
in building the service was that our problem in distribution wasn\'t
engineering problem it was a community problem. The problem in building
the first really cool thing didn\'t happen to be anything but a design
problem. And those three things just had to work together for our kind
of business to succeed. When I came out to Google I thought man the only
way I can get this done is if I get the most brilliant graduate student
out of Stanford who doesn\'t know that he\'s invented page rank yet. Get
him into a room and we\'ll just build all this really really awesome
stuff. We call a company called Blue labs because all the cool companies
called themselves labs. We\'re like well like oh my God we\'ve got to be
labs or no one is going to want to work here because like labs companies
are really cool. And one of the most satisfying realizations is that
there are a lot of different ways to succeed. There are a lot of
different companies there are companies that don\'t raise money. There
are companies that do raise money. There are companies that go B2B their
companies that are consumer and then within Consumer there are a lot of
different things that are successful for the very simple reason that
there are a lot of different kinds of people in the world. And as much
as people want to give you advice about exactly how you should run your
startup. Exactly the strategy I think you need to trust the data you
trust the users that you have and you need to trust your own instincts
to do what you think is going to be right for your company. Pinterest
right now is a tool where we help people find their inspiration into
some people that sounds really hokey but to me the idea that we can show
people things that they want to do in their future. Help them get closer
to actually doing those things whether it\'s redecorating their home or
going on a vacation or buying a gift. And in that process inspirer
someone else is a really cool thing to be working on. And it\'s not what
we thought the site was going to do when we first launched it but it\'s
what it\'s come to be. And sometimes the product finds its purpose and
sometimes it goes the other way around. And either way is ok as long as
you get to something that people really love. Pinterest is a network. We
have millions of people that are connected through billions of objects.
It\'s the third largest source of referral traffic on the Internet. And
so in the early days when people like we don\'t need to be a technology
company. Now we have to write all of a sudden now we need folks that can
mine for data. Those people have really interesting things to do like
we\'re on that road trip like we\'re heading towards the Midwest and
turns out we had to veer the other way. And I think that adaptability to
change is really fundamental. And at the same time Pinterest is a tool
where people can do these things you can plan a vacation you can plan
cooking and recipes you can plan holiday shopping you can plan all these
things in your life. And the very last thing that\'s important to me is
that Pinterest is a team of talented people like I feel genuinely lucky
like walk into the office and work with people that are better than me
at pretty much everything I do. And I think that to me even though there
are a lot of stories told about entrepreneurs that toil alone. The best
things in the world are made by groups of people. I think when you\'re
really early on in the startup you\'re really worried about oh my gosh
like I can\'t give my equity to this person it\'s going to run out. But
it\'s the size of the total pie right. It\'s the size of how many people
can you actually build something that\'s bigger than who they are and if
you can find those people if you can find people that want to work with
you on something that\'s bigger than they are. I think that it\'s the
best investment you can make to give them ownership in what you\'re
actually building. And to me it\'s just been a really gratifying
experience to know that everyone who works with us actually owns part of
the fate of the company. So this is just people from around the office.
We obviously value collaboration that\'s kind of how the company was
founded. And so if I had two pieces of advice there are really really
simple. The first is that you should really just build something you
believe in. If you\'re going to go on a five year seven year tenure 15
year journey at least build something that you really really love
because otherwise you\'re definitely going to burn out. You\'d have to
be like the most mercenary person to give themselves 15 years and take
all this risk if you didn\'t at least loved the idea of where you\'re
going to end up. And the second is just don\'t give up. Don\'t let
somebody talk you out of your dream. And the reason that I think Startup
School is so cool is because if you look around in the room like you\'re
surrounded by all these people they really want to do what you\'re
doing. Silicon Valley is like a weird place like people always talking
about doing startups but people from all over the country they\'re from
all over the world. In those early parts of doing a startup can actually
be really lonely can just be a total bummer because you\'re toiling on
this thing. No one cares about it it\'s not getting anywhere. And
there\'s a tendency I think with a lot of people that I meet are doing
startups that are like I just need to work harder. I need to go out into
the world less. I need to turn on the lights less frequently maybe only
to sit closer to the screen. And I think that it\'s a really dangerous
game to play. There\'s a reason that I started the presentation by
showing a really good friend of mine who wasn\'t working at the company
I was but was still hanging out with us all the time. The fact that we
could get a beer and talk about hey this is really tough. This is a hard
time. Made it a lot easier in wherever you live. The great thing now is
that you can find those people like they may be in your neighborhood.
They may be online they maybe some hard to meet up but you can find
those people somewhere. And I personally think it\'s good advice to take
the time to invest in those people. So part of the reason I was so
excited to come was to me it\'s just really exciting to be in a room
full of so many people that basically want to do what I want to do. I
basically just want to build something bigger than myself that a lot of
people in the world will find useful and to be with lots of those people
just makes me happy. It gets me excited about doing what we do every
day.
