**David Rusenko at Startup School 2012-ZOeyYAfKXLI.mp4**

\[00:00:00\] Thanks for having me guys. You hear me all right. Cool. So
I want to start by just going over the Weebly story a little bit telling
you kind of how we got to where we got to today and some of the lessons
we learned along the way. So what is weebly first of all. If if some you
guys haven\'t heard of it Weebly is a simple and powerful way to create
a site. People want to create a site they want to create a blog. They
want to sell things online and they just want to work. They don\'t want
the frustrations around it. So let me show you a couple of Weebly sites
the first site is a photographer from Toronto showcasing their
photography. The second site is an interior designer from Oregon.
They\'ve actually been featured in Dwell magazine for their entire
designs were on their Web site on weebly. The third site is a graphic
designer from California you can see all these sites just look great and
not one line of HMRC says was written for these sites. This next site is
pretty special. This is Brian. He\'s 80 years old. He retired and his
passion is building ukuleles and he started doing his spare time went on
weebly and create a Web site. What do you know the word got out. And you
know he could build a couple of ukeleles out of a shop per month. He now
has 36 months backorder of ukeleles. And this last site\'s really
special to us. You may have seen that along with initiative I think last
year. But but this group of students who had volunteered in Kenya heard
this story about Omari they had been brutally attacked while trying to
find his orphanage and they didn\'t even have a fence to defend
themselves. So they created Weebly Web site about this posted it to it
and we\'re able to raise over a hundred thousand dollars in less than a
week for the orphanage and they built they built a wall and a fence and
much more than that. That\'s actually now helping out that orphanage in
Kenya. So a little bit about our story and how we got to where we are
today. In early 2006 as part of a class project at Penn State we were
came up with the same idea six years ago we thought you know why is this
so hard. Why is it still so hard to build a Web site. We\'re seeing
people all around us that we\'re just struggling and so we can\'t with
the idea we start working on now. I\'m going to introduce you to the
theme of the presentation here. This is a graph of our new Sinos per
day. Now this is August 2006. This is real data and you can see up at
the top. It\'s six months after we started working on weebly. So six
months six months after we wrote our first line of code our grand sign
of day we got 12 new users. And you know it\'s just kind of friends and
family it is still Alpha stages wasn\'t something that was easy to pump
out in a month is something that was difficult. That took some time to
build over that summer. Dan and I and Chris were working on it. Here\'s
October 2006. Eight months later. So we\'ve now been writing code and
working on the idea for eight months. We posted a private invitation on
some forums and we thought man this is going to blow up and we got about
30 people a sign of that day. So you know around this time I was up
pretty late at night. Was browsing Slashdot that kind of tells you also
you know that was the most popular tech news site back then and I was
reading an article on Y Combinator. I said you know I think I\'ve heard
about this before I\'m not really sure starving the article. Oh this
sounds really cool this sounds interesting Oh application deadlines in
two hours. So I thought you know what the hell. I\'ll put some together
really quick. It doesn\'t hurt to apply now. I didn\'t actually have
enough time to call a Dan or Chris to ask them if they\'d be willing to
drop out of school and moved to San Francisco. So I took a guess. I
figured you know Chris would probably do it. He\'s he\'s a pretty wild
guy and Dan\'s a pretty tall guy too. But I figured he might want to
finish his college career. So we applied NYC with literally less than an
hour to go on the clock. Got accepted for an interview drove up to
Boston interviewed. We thought we thought it was great. Incidentally the
morning of the interview I wake up checked my phone ring e-mail bleary
eyed and I got an e-mail from so congrats on the tech crunching. What
the hell is this about. So open tech crunches just so happened that tech
crunch ruined by a sat morning and I\'m sure it definitely didn\'t hurt
with the interview. But I also had to explain this graph. This is really
important. This is not normally what a tech crunching looks like
normally it goes straight up. And straight back down. We had an
invitation system in place to make sure our servers crash. And so
that\'s why you see it\'s spread out over more time. But you know later
that night know Paul told us to expect a call from us by 7:00p.m. the
same day. We\'ll let you know if he made it or not. So we were pretty
nervous and we went out to dinner and we sat down and literally I
remember you know 7:00p.m. rolled around and 8:00p.m. rolled around. And
we were all just staring at our plates of food in front of us like we
literally couldn\'t eat. We were so nervous. And then by 9:00p.m. we\'re
like this is it. We\'re definitely not making and they\'ve called
everyone they\'ve accepted and now they\'re just calling the losers that
arc and then so I think around 9 9 3 the phone call from Paul comes in
and I answer it and literally his first words were I\'m calling to end
your college career. Laughter. So you know funnily enough you know I
ended up talking to Dan later and say hey guys you want to join don\'t
you know I know we have a semester left. It sounds crazy but how about
we just drop out of school moved to San Francisco. What do you think of
Christmas. Hell yeah let\'s do it. And as Dan I\'m like Dan you like
like why do you think this is pretty crazy. He\'s like Yeah I\'m on
board. This sounds awesome. So you know this is this is a picture of us
that we took right after we got that phone call. I think this picture
was also right after we each took three shots at the bar to celebrate
with our friend Dana. So the next graph is January 2007. So we move out
to San Francisco start to Y Combinator program. It\'s now 11 months.
After we start working on we but you know this is a pretty long time.
This is almost a full year after you start writing our first line of
code. I want you to take a look at this graph and I want you to notice
something. This isn\'t straight up into the right. It goes straight up.
It comes straight back down. Now maybe you got a couple squiggles here
that a little that are a little hopeful but things aren\'t looking
great. We\'re getting less than a hundred people per day signing up
right now almost a year after we started working on weebly. You know
this is a picture of our first office so we literally moved into an
apartment. We put three desks that you could really tell how long ago
this was because that old ass tv in the lower right hand corner and the
15 inch monitors and we literally just pushed three that together put it
in the living room. And this is this is what startup looks like. We just
worked our asses off. We had one important Rojos we took Saturday off.
But otherwise every other moment every waking moment was 24/7 work
wasn\'t all bad. We had a great view. The San Francisco Bay. And you
know this is this is a fun story. This is a little display that Chris
hacked up and he just put it in the middle of a table and it showed kind
of some basic stats or showed like low to average which you don\'t see
right here. But it also showed total users and logged in users and
there\'s three logging users here. That\'s because it was the three of
us around the table using weebly.

\[00:07:28\] Applause applause.

\[00:07:31\] One of the one of our biggest moment still I think in
company history was one night we were sitting there and it went for you
know like we were excited. That was exciting. So you know in January
2007 we also got a feature on tech crunch again. This is much more
normal it goes straight up and straight back down.

\[00:07:51\] And you know get 11 months after we started working on
weebly. This is April 2007 and there\'s a couple hard times also want to
check. Sometimes just hear about the good stuff you don\'t hear about
bad stuff you don\'t hear about the times we\'re really hard. This is 14
months after you start working on it. The first thing I want to dress on
this slide is the sign of graph I kind of want you to look at the end
there and notice you know I think we were just oblivious and very
hopeful the time but that kind of looks like it\'s heading down it\'s
not heading up it\'s actually heading in the wrong direction at this
point April 2007. I mean we were just finishing the Wise Program. We
were really hopeful that we could raise money. But you\'re talking some
angel investors. But at one point we had less than a hundred bucks in
our bank account. And that\'s all the money we had. We know we spent
money on two things early on we spent money on rent and we spent money
at the bar. And that\'s pretty much it. And you know we\'re pretty
hopeful but rent was coming up in two weeks and we had to pay rent in
two weeks so we started talking about raising our friends and family
round.

\[00:08:53\] We started talking about moving to San Jose to save a
hundred bucks a month in rent. And luckily we didn\'t do that. Laughter
And you know luckily sort of right in the nick of time we end up raising
a six or 50 Cange around from from Rawn from Steve Anderson. Mike Maples
bunch angels. This is another thing that really dates this story. That
big stack of paperwork is an equity financing looks like these days. You
know all the financing most stage financings are done via a convertible
note to three pages tops. This is a fat stack for equity financing. So
you know the next big thing for us was being feature Newsweek. Now this
used to be a really big deal. I don\'t know today if it\'s as much of a
big deal. But back then this was a huge deal this is the thing that your
parents like bought 10 copies the magazine afforded to everyone they
knew. And so this was really a big deal 15 months and that that was
definitely a high point. And that\'s what that looks like. So it\'s so
now you\'re seeing the effect of what being featured in Newsweek looks
like you know again it\'s a very sore point. It goes up and it comes
right back down.

\[00:10:01\] You\'re not noticing you know it settles higher and that\'s
definitely a good sign. But it\'s still going down. It\'s not going up.
This is 15 months after we started working on wheely here.

\[00:10:16\] Here\'s a shot of our office here in July 2007 and that\'s
darn sit in there. And that\'s also our stats dashboard. You can kind of
see what\'s going on. Next big moment for us around the same time I was
being featured in time so we feature in time as one of the 50 best Web
sites of 2007.

\[00:10:36\] Is 18 months after we saw work on Wimbley a year and a half
after we start working on weebly and things still aren\'t taken off.
There\'s no hockey stick here. Things are actually going in the wrong
direction now. I want to try something out here. Raise your hand if
you\'re currently working on a startup. Now keep your hand up open up
keep your hands up. Now keep your hand up only if you\'ve been working
out for over 18 months. OK. Right. That\'s what I thought.

\[00:11:04\] It\'s a long time. This is a really long time and we
didn\'t have any we didn\'t have too much positive we were just sort of
naive we were naively hopeful that things will work out and we knew it
was a good problem to be solving. We\'re getting feedback from our
users. But you know the metrics weren\'t entirely there yet. And this is
where it changes. This is this is 20 months and finally finally 20
months after we start working on we we were seeing our first real
traction. Now this is good. This is where your rate of acquiring
newsprint is increasing linearly. That\'s a pretty good thing and one
thing to notice you know you might think hey if only I get on tech
crunch I\'ll blow up my company I\'ll be successful if I just get on
tech crunch. Well look all the way back there just a word of mouth. Now
we\'re now getting more users every single day than if we were featured
in Newsweek Time or tech crunch in July 2008.

\[00:11:58\] We moved in our first four office twenty nine months after
we saw our work and we were we funny story that TV on the wall got
stolen. Our office got broken into the first week we moved in laughter.
That was fun getting a call from the police officer at the next Abian
like you got to deal with their office is busted. So you know here\'s
another picture. And this was just a it was small. It was 14 Hurren
square feet we\'re in a fitting I think about 12 people there. And and
you know around the summer time we started looking at our bank account
balance. And you know we\'re like OK well you know how much runway do we
have. This is an important thing to know. If you\'re not profitable how
much runway do we have. We said OK well we really need to start raising
money in September maybe October November we\'re gonna run out of money.
You know so so we said well we\'ll what the hell let\'s let let\'s give
it a shot at least start making some money. So July 2008 when she was
Weebly pro we also sell domain names now and when we started that time
and things were looking good. But if you know anything about the fall of
2008 it was just a really bad time to be raising money. So we went out
there and you know Mitr worked but the terms were just not what we were
looking for. So this is a graph of our company bank balance. I actually
hacked up Vanguard\'s graphic flash graph to plot Nexium Alpha digraph
this for you guys. This is 34 months after we started working on weebly
and it was pretty low. And this is you know this is this is another hard
time. We basically we we looked at our bank balance and we said okay
well you know revenues increasing and things are going in the right
direction and we\'re pretty hopeful we can squeeze through but you know
we can\'t pay our bills next month. So what are we to do about it. So
you know obviously payroll was just never an option. We\'re obviously
going to pay payroll. If we had to cut our own salaries that was going
be one thing but for people we employ that was just not optional pay
that. So the next step was to get out of counter literally I remember
getting out a big counter on a piece of paper and mapping out all our
bills on which days they were do and how much money we thought we were
going to make in the meantime to just barely squeak by. And then
there\'s really two types of bills that we label. There was one there
was a type of bill that if you didn\'t pay it you got a late fee. And
the second type of bill if you didn\'t pay it they shut your servers
off. So obviously we had to pay that second category. But you know in
January 2009 which is which is a great month for us.

\[00:14:28\] You know we finally hit break even. This is where things
started turning in the profitable direction. And you know this is where
you first start seeing a working business model. It finally collects and
you can see a little bit history out there. Thirty five months that\'s
three years after we start working on it when we finally hit a working
business model. This is February 2010. And now things are looking great.
Now we\'re off to the races four years after we start working on weebly.
I want you to notice all the way in the back that Newsweek that time you
know the tech crunch articles they\'re just blips on the radar. You know
now everyday we\'re getting about 5000 new users per day. All of you a
word of mouth. It\'s all organic growth. In March 2011 sixty one months
out we started. We partnered with Sequoia Capital. We love them as
partners and then brought them on board to help grow the business. And
that brings us to today so where we now today Weebly powers about 2
percent of the active Web sites on the Internet that\'s all based on
public data from Netcraft every month 15 percent of the United States
visits a weekly web site. And my favorite stat here is our net promoter
score. Our net promoter score is over 80 percent. Now if you\'re not
familiar with what a net promoter score is that\'s you know that means
88 percent of people who answered the survey said 9 or 10 likely
they\'re going to recommend to a friend as a point of comparison I think
apples is 67 percent that\'s considered excellent. So this explains
everything about our business. A quick tour of the office here moving
this office about a year ago. This is what it looks like when you walk
in. This is a quick snapshot of our lobby in conference room at the
front. Here\'s are open workplace area and we really like this because
you can really talking communicate. But obviously it gets noisy so one
of things that we give everyone who works at Weebly is Bose noise
canceling headphones block out the noise. It\'s a TV room great for
catching a big game especially the giant games I\'ve been on lately. And
this is this is our kind of kitchen slash rec area downstairs where we
get super competitive on ping pong pool foosball. One thing I want you
to notice is that bookshelf in the back actually if you go up to that
and you know the right book to pull it actually opens up. I\'m not sure
how you can see that but it\'s it\'s it\'s policy we can\'t show anyone
pictures of inside the speaker room unless you come visit. So we\'d love
to have you over to check that out. So you know just for shits and
giggles I pulled our bank balance from this morning. That\'s what our
County Bank compound looks like. Now this is 18 months after we started
working on weebly. I think the important message here is there\'s still
an unfinished story you know I mean as large as we\'ve been able to grow
this is just the beginning. So you know what\'s next for WHEATLEY Well
six years ago we thought the same thing you know maybe it\'s just hard.
And today people are just as frustrated. You know just as confused and
all they really want to do is participate in the Internet and you know
what most people can\'t participate in the Internet the way they\'d like
to know people just want to showcase their business showcase their art
or their talents and sell things online. And it\'s still too difficult
for them so you know as much as we\'ve done the last six years we think
we\'ve just built a foundation. And what\'s most exciting is what we\'re
building right now and there\'s just a whole lot of work left to do. So
I think the number one takeaway of everything is you can\'t succeed if
you quit. Too often I\'ve seen people that build something for six
months and then they launch it and then two months later they stop
working on it. Like how you expect that to work. You know behind every I
think we\'ve seen today behind every quote unquote overnight success.
You see people who have been working for years and years and years. And
if you want to build a truly big and meaningful company it\'s going to
take you seven to 10 years of your life. Don\'t give up so easily you
just gotta keep going. Even in the early days for everyone including us
it didn\'t look great you just had to push through and know that you\'re
working on a valuable problem and keep pushing through.

\[00:18:36\] So last thing I\'ll close with you know if you\'d like to
help us finish the story that\'s still in progress. We love to talk to
you but I won\'t go on too much about that if you have any other
questions please e-mail me. Hope to see it the party tonight. Thank you
very much.
