**Joel Spolksy at Startup School 2012-pPJf8KrvJXU.mp4**

\[00:00:00\] Hi everyone. All right time to wake up how do we have
slides. We do have a clicker. Yes. How many is a lot of people here. How
many of you are going to make some kind of a start up after this event
when this is done because you raise your hand please keep my humor
humor. OK. One two three four. How many of you are going to be one of
those 15 startups every year that hits a hundred million in revenue and
deserves vesi funding more than 15. That\'s awesome is a really good
class. Laughter.

\[00:00:38\] I made something which a lot of people don\'t understand is
that these two companies that I have Focker software and Stack Exchange
and tell you that sort of just in chronological order to try to explain
it. And there\'s all kinds of interesting lessons in there. I think four
different ways to create a startup and to bootstrap a startup or take
funding. Almost every talk that I\'ve heard today has assumed that
you\'re going to be getting money from overseas and there isn\'t enough
money in all of your in California to fund all your companies.

\[00:01:11\] And so if you all kind of bang your heads against that door
some of them are going to get bloodied. I\'m sorry I\'m really bad with
metaphors. This is the very first Greek office. Michael Pryor and I
started fuck Creek software in the year 2000 after we\'ve been working
together at a company called Juno Online Services which is a free ISP
and I never wanted to start a company.

\[00:01:35\] It wasn\'t my lifetime goal I was already in my mid 30s by
the time I started Greek. And how does that make me now.

\[00:01:45\] The point point was that I couldn\'t find a cool place to
work. I couldn\'t find a place where I wanted to work as a programmer.
And I finally gave up on and decided that if I was going to have a
career that I found enjoyable as a programmer I would have to build my
own workplace. And of course the irony is that I don\'t get the program
anymore but.

\[00:02:03\] The very beginning of Fire Creek we rented this office and
that was my desk and I literally took home everything of the company in
my knapsack at work at the at the end of the day for what I wanted to
have a place to go to work and it was me and Michael and we hired a
couple of people very quickly. Now we had the reason we knew we could
start a business even though I\'m kind of a scaredy cat and not an
entrepreneurial type was that I had seen a whole bunch of other
businesses in those days so this was the first dotcom boom and this was
sort of a period much like today when people were starting all kinds of
idiotic businesses to sell grilled cheese sandwiches and whatever crazy
you know Instagram for squirrels. Except it was called something else in
those days. And all these idiotic companies or what you could do is you
can look at them and say wow if I did that company and I just didn\'t do
these two stupid things. But I did them in a smart way then that would
definitely be a better business than this one right. So for me the model
was a company called Ask digital which is a consulting company that
filled Granz Greenspan created which collapsed after they took vesi but
everything did really.

\[00:03:14\] And we were gonna make two tweaks on the digital model so
he had this model that was like we\'re going to open source software and
then consulting based on the open source software and my tweak was it
was going to be proprietary software and consulting based on the
proprietary software. And then you have another source of revenue.
What\'s the theory. We were both wrong. It doesn\'t matter what my
theory was. You know we worked on it for about 15 minutes before we
effectively pivoted to something else. But the most important part of
our business model is we weren\'t going to spend any money until we had
some consulting revenue. And so this was a time in the late 90s when
there was absolutely unlimited demand for anybody who could put together
you know left if you could type a left less then integrate and then sign
to make email on the keyboard then you could build about two hundred
dollars an hour and if you could actually make an ACL page that was like
double that.

\[00:04:06\] And there was sort of essentially infinite demand. There
was a company called Science which fortunately is now completely gone.
But in those days they had they hired thousands of computer science
students and stuff like that to build web pages for people and Scient
used to brag that they only accepted 10 percent of the clients that
wanted to hire them. So if you wanted a site to build your Web site you
had to apply and then you had to get approved by the sign board of
whatever. So there was just way too much demand and we thought you know
we\'ll just take some of that overflow of all that demand build some Web
sites for some people make a few hundred dollars an hour you know with
two or three of us and build up enough money in the bank to basically
bootstrap the business.

\[00:04:48\] And the truth is that that worked for us we had about two
months of consulting consulting and I think we might have accumulated
250000 dollars in the bank or something like that. And that was really
really. So we started in September 2000 in this very office. We the
consulting market the dot dot com crash occurred in November of 2000.

\[00:05:11\] I know the exact month because in that month if you look at
all of these consulting companies are Scient Razorfish Viant March 1st
there was a whole bunch of them and if you looked in November 2000 their
billings went down by 90 percent in one month. And they didn\'t know it
because they thought that this was just an unusual lengthening of the
sales cycle meaning it was taking longer to close deals. They didn\'t
realize that this market has completely collapsed and they didn\'t
really decide that the consulting market was gone and never coming back
until April of 2001. And in the meantime they had these big armies of
consultants and they burned through every penny that they had in the
bank paying these armies of consultants to do nothing because they had
no clients they had no clients because everybody got scared that the dot
com crash was going to happen and stopped hiring consultants to save
money. So. Consulting market crashed we did accumulate a little bit of
money and we luckily hadn\'t hired very many people so we didn\'t waste
all that money just keeping people employed when we had no money. We did
not we had hired a couple of people. We let them go. So it was just me
and Michael for a long time as the cofounders and we moved into this
building which conveniently My grandmother owned and I was in charge of
managing it so I just sort of moved in and continued to pay her rent for
a while.

\[00:06:31\] This was our office downstairs and we continue to sort of
build a business really really slowly and because there was no
consulting business what we started selling was fog bugs the only thing
we could find which is a bug tracking software written internally in VB
script. And we started selling you know five weeks version1.0 and you
know like the first day we sold it there\'s like 2000 dollars somebody
bought a site license from Brazil or something. And it was awesome. And
in fact what we were noticing is I think of the first first few months
we were making somewhere around five thousand dollars a month I think is
the right number. And that was kind of enough to eat. And you know
eventually we paid my grandmother for all the rent that we were
consuming. And as time elapsed. The neat thing was that this number was
going up every single month and it was going up very slowly but it was
going up and it was in a really really bad market. But we were selling
software and it just got better and better and better because we worked
on it and our revenue went up to hit fifteen thousand dollars. We could
afford to pay Michael a salary and I had some savings in the bank. So
fifteen thousand dollars a month is I always just automatically
calculate 10000 hours per person that needs a salary and all our
overhead expenses including the rent was five thousand dollars. So we
then hit 25000 I started taking a salary. And when we hit 35000 we hired
a third guy who came on to start answering phones and doing some tech
support and helping us with some of the some of the coding tasks that we
had. And at some point we built it all and we got actually got an
office. This was guessing about 2003 so like several years on it was a
really long slog before we got our first legit office and we built it
out really nicely and we were we were always obsessed about giving
programmers air on chairs and 30 inch monitors in private offices with
doors closed.

\[00:08:23\] And when we built this office I think we had room first
time we took this office for seven people there were seven desks. And
eventually we doubled the space that we had there and we made room for I
think 12 people or something like that and it\'s getting bigger and
bigger we all eat lunch together at this big table. These are a lot of
summer interns we took summer interns every summer and that\'s how we
did it got our recruiting pipeline and again just continue to grow and
this is the last time I remember getting the company together for an all
company picture. But I think we\'re now at let\'s say 40 45 people.

\[00:09:01\] So that\'s one that\'s one kind of company and that\'s
that\'s Fog Creek. Fuck Rick continue to do well we continue to sort of
try to launch new products every single year. We had this idea that bug
tracking was not really the be all and end all of products and we
launched a bunch of stuff. We had a bunch of summer interns launch a
remote desktop product called co-pilot that did pretty well that
actually more than paid for itself and now earns a sort of a nice
dividend PHOG Bogues was obviously the big bread winner and is now a
very large product. And we launched a bunch other stuff so it worked
some of it didn\'t work. There was we launched a job board for the
Indian programmers market and made 50 rupees total ever selling one job
listing is a worst product we ever did. And then what I wanted to do
this thing I wanted to kill experts extant exchange which you all
probably know about. Does anybody know Stack Overflow. No one heard of
that stack overflow thing. So the goal there was to kill experts
exchange because they were evil. What was cool about stack overflow is
you could explain it simply and everybody understood what you were
talking about. You didn\'t have to go into any detail of how it work.
And I couldn\'t find anybody internally that wanted to work on that. So
I got together with Jeff Atwood who\'s another blogger called known as
Coding Horror and said you know will you join. Will you join us. This
will be sort of a 50/50 Fog Creek. Jeff Atwood joint production to do
stack overflow and I thought I thought of this as sort of a side bet
like Let\'s get Jeff working on this. I\'ll help him when I can. If this
thing takes off awesome if doesn\'t take off doesn\'t matter but
hopefully I can get rid of this experts exchange problem. But But Stack
Overflow did really well. As it turns out the growth isn\'t credible
unlike the other speakers I\'m perfectly happy to number the numbers on
my Y-axis.

\[00:11:03\] Even tell you the growth year was insane.

\[00:11:10\] From day one we saw this like literally every single week
we had more visitors in the week before. At the beginning I think it was
the numbers were crazy. We started out with 30000 daily visitors and
that\'s about the same number as people as I would get on ONJ on
software blog post.

\[00:11:23\] So I knew that that was the yourselfer audience coming
initially and over time and that took ten years to build that audience
by the way writing a blog. And you would look at the Google Analytics
every single week and just get a little bit higher. Of course it went
down on the weekends and it would just go a little bit higher and at
some point it was growing by more than a Jaun software like every week
and then it was growing by drawing software every day and it just grew
faster and faster and eventually encompassed the universe. Now we at one
point when we were around 6 million on here does it so this measure is
global unique monthly visitors that measures people that just visit your
site once a month and place a cookie. And all we do is count the cookies
on google analytics so there\'s maybe two users on to maybe one person
on two computers.

\[00:12:12\] The other thing about Google Analytics is that the cookie
is placed on your domain and we have four domains. So we have to break
it down and we may have dealt we maybe double counting people that visit
two of our sites and if they go to two different domains but I think
that\'s okay personally. And when we hit about 6 million users we had a
meeting with folks in developer relations at Microsoft and we said hey
how many developers do you think they\'re on the world they said 16
million. They said 9 million. And we\'re like okay we got two thirds of
the developers in the world and then we hit 9 million and then we had 10
and now we hit 20 million an at about 25 million of the world\'s 9
million software developers and how you need that number.

\[00:12:50\] So so there\'s two kinds of businesses here that are
completely different actually.

\[00:12:57\] There is two ways you can build a business and everybody up
until now today. And from Zuck onward has been talking about the get big
fast business and stack exchange is indeed a get big fast business.
It\'s growing Saxony\'s dotcom domain is growing and it\'s working.

\[00:13:16\] Work is it the stack exchange com domain is now growing at
350 percent year over year which is I don\'t know the fastest thing in
the world but it\'s pretty friggin steady as you saw from that chart. So
it\'s early. Sure thanks Jessica.

\[00:13:33\] I wrote a blog post on unshorn software a long time ago in
the middle to the early 2000s we don\'t have anything else to do because
you know the economy is collapsing and it was called strategy letter 1
because I was very self important and pompous then unlike today of
course. Thank you. And I was writing about how there\'s two kinds of
companies that get big fat fast companies like Amazon. And then there\'s
organic growth companies and I had just read the story of Ben and
Jerry\'s so they were an example of an ice cream company and I kind of
compared and contrasted these two different ways of growing company. And
what\'s interesting of course is that Stack Exchange and fall Creek have
kind of exactly the same characteristics that he\'s seen as a big Fast
Company and Rick software is an organic growth company.

\[00:14:18\] So first of all how do you decide which kind of company you
should be. It\'s not like you get to choose like how many of you want to
get big fast you hand. Right. Okay. You have to look at the actual
market that you\'re in and there\'s two kinds of markets get big fast
business is when you\'re in therefore there is some kind of a land grab.

\[00:14:36\] There is an attempt to capture uncaptured territory before
anybody else does the same thing. OK so Uber isn\'t that category.
Amazon was certainly in that category. Ben and Jerry\'s was not because
Ben Jerry\'s was just ice cream you can\'t capture the entire ice cream
market. There already is an icecream market right. This is Trenton New.
New technology trying to landgrab virgin territory in an organic growth
business. You already have a million competitors and all you\'re doing
is trying to claw them away one at a time patiently from from your
competitors. The reason you try to get big fast and you go for a land
grab is because there are network effects. So you all know what network
effects are the idea of network effect is the more users you have the
more valuable your network is. And so a network of let\'s say if
Facebook had 10000 users that\'s not very valuable. And in fact it would
be extremely difficult. Facebook was a classic land grab because
nobody\'s going to be on there if they can\'t communicate with their
friends.

\[00:15:32\] The same reason I can\'t get anybody to use KIC because
there\'s nobody else on there. I mean there\'s like 10 million people on
there but it doesn\'t really help. It\'s not enough.

\[00:15:41\] I need I need a billion and a network effect says basically
the value is increasing as you get more and more people on there because
you know the value is a function of and squared right. You\'re all
computer scientists. The other thing about get big fast is that network
effect creates Lockean. Nobody\'s going to leave Facebook for something
that\'s 20 percent better or 50 percent better or even a hundred percent
better because their grandma is still looking for the pictures of the
puppy. And she likes the pictures of the puppy that you upload and if
you stop putting them on Facebook she\'s going to call you laughter.
Doesn\'t matter if the other thing is like more technologically
innovative and cool now that an organic growth company you don\'t have
these things. And so you don\'t really care about that and you don\'t
need to go for a land grab in a land grab won\'t help you because
you\'re not grabbing virgin territory. So that\'s what get big fast
means you need to be really big in order to create real value. And with
organic growth you\'re in there for the long haul. It took us 10 years
to build fog bugs into a respectable business. And the reason is that
there are a million bug trackers out there.

\[00:16:48\] And so with organic growth business you unless you have
infinite money because you were born rich or something you need to break
even right away and you find a way to break even right away and we did
that by consulting by essentially you know sort of sorting ourselves out
for a couple months to raise a little bit of cash and you want to start
getting money from clients on day one and you want to start kind of
obsessing about a need to make this business survive. So I can be there
to slowly pry away customers 1 1 dead customer at a time from my end.
One thing about an organic growth business is you don\'t go in here
unless you have a product that\'s valuable. Even with one customer. So
the ideal business is something with a first person that downloads it
and starts using it already getting value out of this thing.

\[00:17:31\] You run your business completely differently. So when you
when you\'re trying to get big fast. If you have a problem that can be
solved with money. Money is cheap which sounds weird but in this
environment it\'s if you have a successful Get Big Fast business it\'s
very easy to raise money. There\'s a lot of capitalists that are looking
for places to put their money and so you use that need to try to solve
problems even if it\'s a very expensive way of solving them. But in an
organic growth company you\'re trying to survive. You\'re just trying to
stay around for as long as you possibly can. So you you try to be frugal
and cheap about everything that you do. Similarly when you\'re trying to
get big fast you put up a little signs all over the office that say Move
fast and break break stuff. And the idea is to make lots of mistakes. It
doesn\'t matter you\'ve got to be moving fast you can\'t be scared in
any way you just got to be running down the hill with an organic growth
business. Those mistakes can kill you. And when they kill you you don\'t
have any way to come back. The thing that scared us at Falls Creek all
the time is that if we ran out of money in the bank we would have to
close. We did not have a source of a million dollars to stick into the
business to survive one more month. So you\'re much much more careful in
an organic growth business because you have to be because this is your
only business and that means that they get big fast business you have a
tiny teeny weeny very very very small chance of of it becoming a 10
billion dollar business.

\[00:18:50\] And I just made up the number 10 billion but you know
really really big business. And if you consider that you know of all the
why or let\'s say you all apply to white hominum and you all get in.
I\'m sure that\'s not in the cards. You know two of you actually of all
the people in this room that apply to Y Combinator and the 60 70 80 at
are not going to get in you know maybe two or three of them have a
chance of being a 10 million dollar business and that\'s being really
really optimistic it\'s actually less than that. So your chances of you
making a ten dollar 10 billion dollar business this way by starting out
trying to get big fast are vanishingly small I\'m afraid and some people
like those odds. So good for them. Some people incidentally all the
people that make 10 billion dollars couldn\'t care less. They\'re doing
it because they\'re scratchiness. They\'re trying to solve some problem
that they have in then monitor maniacally focused on that it\'s never
because they want to make them deadline. Now with an organic growth
company though if you\'re just reasonably smart and you pay attention
and you never make a terrible mistake then you\'re gonna make a nice 10
million dollar business. And the number means 10 million means 10
revenue a year. And at some point that\'s just gonna be a million to
operate it 9 million it can go in your pocket if you own it and you have
a really good chance of being able to build that in five to 10 years an
organic growth business is not that hard as a lot of businesses like
that. When I used to write a column for Inc magazine and I always wanted
to write something about voices and my editor always said nobody nobody.
No entrepreneur takes money from that it. At such a now a world of
people that get investments from overseas is such a tiny sliver of
entrepreneurship that if we write about that in pages of our magazine we
get hate mail because nobody cares. It doesn\'t apply to their
businesses the millions of businesses out there that are making somebody
you know around a million dollars.

\[00:20:38\] So again that\'s those are the two models are you
bootstrapping or are you takingB.S. And again there are millions of
organic growth companies and they\'re very very small number of get big
fast companies. I wrote a few hundred. But that\'s like the entire
universe of companies in the world is this like one every decade or so
from Silicon Valley.

\[00:20:57\] And not being able to decide is what\'s really going to
kill you. So let me see if I can sort of finish a little bit of the
story about about PHOG Oregon stack exchange with stack exchange. Again
we decided that it was a landgrab type of business and we spent a few
years working on it just everyday working from home and being frugal and
all that kind of stuff just to see where we get. Now one thing I don\'t
know if anybody mentioned here but if you are actually trying to raise
money you\'re always delaying as much as possible the actual raising of
money because as your company becomes more and more valuable over time
let\'s say your company now is worth a million dollars for next year can
be worth 10 million dollars in order if you sell shares you\'re actually
going to have to sell fewer shares to get the same amount of cash into
your bank account. So at any given time you always want to be raising
the minimum amount of money you need to barely survive as a general
general rule. And if you can delay the raising of money the very very
first time then your life is much better because you have to do less
when you want to raise money and it\'s easier to raise money when you
have a nice story about how successful you\'ve been on your own. So
stock exchange was sort of technically bootstrapped for two years. It
was called Stack Overflow then and there were only three people working
on full time and an awful lot of people from our community volunteering
and helping out. But it was really three full time hours that we\'re
working mostly without pay from home. We built the servers are we. Jeff
would built the service himself with his hands and he optimized them to
make them really really fast. You put in a lot of RAM and he got really
good SSD drives and all kind of stuff. We used a compiled language which
is unheard of which actually allowed us to run this gigantic site on a
very small number of web servers. It was remarkably small I mean for the
longest time we had three boxes on on the on the rack. And now we don\'t
but I think we could probably fit on rack for four Stack Exchange right
now which is a top 100 Web site in terms of traffic. So you know we were
sort of we worked on trying to save money on the servers. We were
reasonably frugal people were working from home there was no office. But
we realized after a couple of years that this was a get big fast
business. And I\'ll tell you why. If it\'s not obvious with a question
and answer website there are network there are very strong network
effects. You go to the site where you\'re most likely get an answer. And
we dominate for programmers and pretty much anything related to
programmers including system administrators and school administrators
and Sequel. Sequel query writers and all those things that are close to
programmers we dominate in math. We have two math sites the research and
not research and we have about 90 categories where we don\'t quite
dominate in most of them meaning somewhere else is another Web site out
there. It\'s a better place to get answers to your questions about
whatever it may be. So a good example of that is Apple. We have Apple
Duffe vaccines ICOM it\'s a pretty good site I would guesstimate that it
has maybe 20 percent of the market for question and answers about Apple
products. It\'s a much better site but there is more traffic on Apple\'s
own site and on other forums about Apple. So that\'s it. That\'s the
landgrab that we\'re trying to get because none of those other sites yet
have the magical up vote down vote badges karma reputation all the
comments all the nice stuff that Stack Exchange has that makes it work
as a Q and A platform. And it\'s not like people can\'t figure this out
and there\'s not a single person that builds a Cuney site anymore that
doesn\'t have an up vote in the down vote button. That\'s not so hard to
figure out. So that\'s the landgrab is we need to take all the traffic
away we know we can take traffic away from an old boring forum because
those suck and it\'s a terrible place to get your questions answered.
And what we have is ten times better than that and we can displace
those. But if somebody else builds a stack exchange kind of work like
with up votes and down votes in some category let\'s say physical
anthropology that we don\'t have a site in then they\'re going to take
that market and they\'re going to have that network effect. So this is
obviously a land grab and we needed to move as fast as absolutely
possible to capture as much as possible of this territory before it got
divided up by other people. And that\'s why we raised. That\'s why we
raised money. But this time when we were raising money it was like
falling off a log is the easiest thing in the world. I only talked to
VCR that I actually wanted to invest in the company. I didn\'t go
knocking on every single door. I spent exactly two weeks on the
fundraising and that was done and that\'s all. That\'s all it took. And
I was able to raise from my number one choice ofE.S. which was Union
Square Ventures. Like I say it took about two weeks to put together. It
was very very easy. And that was because of you know 10 years of work
building Fog Creek and getting a reputation. And two years of work
building Stack Exchange and getting all that momentum. So anything you
can do to boost bootstrap anything you can do to defer the moment where
you need to go raise some money from somebody so that you\'re in a
better position is going to make it so much easier to raise money under
under under far better terms that\'s really really worth doing.

\[00:25:55\] The other the other part of that story actually is I have
four minutes left to go.

\[00:26:00\] The other part of that story is another product the Fox we
started doing now I had to move over to stack and stack exchange is now
75 employees and we\'re just we\'re building a 30000 square foot office
in Manhattan which is with a kitchen everything is going to be fancy and
expensive and it\'s going to cost us like cost like five million dollars
to build out with the landlords paying some of that. So we\'re doing
like these amazing big things. It\'s Stack Exchange. We have a lot of
employees. We have an office in Denver we have an office in London. We
have like I said something that\'s a 50 minute million global users if
you allow me to double count some of them. We\'re top 100 websites so
that took a lot of work. I became CEO eventually a stack exchange and it
became a full time job. And it turns out you can\'t be CEO of two
companies at once because of the IP problem if you invent something
it\'s you know both companies would claim to own it. So. So I only work
for Stack Exchange although I\'m still on the board of Creegan I did my
Tozan every once in a while. And what they started working on a Greek
thuggery by the way is now let\'s say 45 employees and it\'s a cash
machine that just because fog bugs is like a mint money every month and
we\'re kind of like a kibbutz. And so at the end of the year in July we
take all the profit and divide it up among the employees based on
seniority. So whatever money is left in the business at the end of the
year goes to the employees depending on how long they\'ve been there. We
don\'t dividend it out to shareholders. We just pay it in bonuses to the
employees. So if you\'ve been a factory employee for several years
you\'re probably doubling your salary on that on that profit share. So
this is the thing that Minns cash because we\'re not really. It\'s not
that you know we keep selling the product in a long after we\'ve written
it. Though we are still working on that one. We recently Fogg launched a
new product called Trello. This launched about a year ago and that\'s
actually a Get Big Fast landgrab business as well. Trello is online kind
of organization software yellow logo. Check it out. It\'s really
awesome. And in the years since we launched we went from zero to I think
about 800000 users and it\'s doing great. It said it needs a dev team of
about 10 people. What we have to work on every stupid mobile platform
under the sun so we got somebody working on iPhone and somebody working
on Android and somebody working on a Windows Surface. And.

\[00:28:17\] No no that was my idea.

\[00:28:20\] And the web app and adding new features all the time and we
don\'t actually understand exactly how we\'re gonna make money off of
Trello we\'re not quite sure about that because we thought free was a
really good price if we wanted to reduce friction so we could get big
really really fast and get all those wonderful network effects and have
this massive land grab we\'re Trello takes over the world of project
management. And eventually you know as everybody here has said we\'ll
figure out some way to make money on that. In the meantime I\'ve got ten
employees working on that and impactful a service that I\'ve got to add
a new server to every couple of weeks. And that costs money. But we have
this lovely cash cow a fog bugs it\'s sort of spewing out extra money.
So we asked the shareholders of Fog Creek which is the employees we said
hey can we use your bonus that we would have paid you in profit share
and just plow that back into Trello and you\'re never gonna see it
again. And they said yes and. We didn\'t have to go go to a VCR and we
didn\'t have to go to an outside vesi and by the time if we ever get to
the point where we just need a hold data center in Oregon somewhere in
order to run Trella which will happen and we do need Veazey at that
point at that point we\'re going in with traction with an established
team with a product has already proven itself and you can take an
investment on a very very good terms even if you want to and so at that
point I imagine you wouldn\'t give up any control of the company. Even
now I think we raised money we wouldn\'t give up any control you\'d
probably still continue to have an absolute control over the board at
that stage and you wouldn\'t take very much dilution because because the
valuation would be so high even though we don\'t actually make any
money. So I\'m sort out of time but this is the important part of what
I\'ve been trying to spew here at about a million words per minute. This
is normally a two hour speech. You have to decide if you\'re going to be
a slow growth company or get big fast company because any time you try
to straddle those two lines painful things happen to you. I\'m
traumatized absolute traumatized because Juno Online Services where I
work for years was actually competing against AOL and AOL was just going
all out sending everybody these damn floppy disks so that everybody
would sign up for AOL because it was a land grab. There was a land grab
going on and AOL had instant messenger and instant messenger had network
effects and AOL had lock in. Because once you had your Lacewell email
address you never wanted to move to somewhere else because you\'d have
to tell 400 people about your new email address. So AOL was building
this remarkable landgrab business with all kinds of network effects and
Lokken and stuff like that. And you had every single one of those things
but was kind of growing in a more bootstrapping way because they were
afraid to spend the money on the little stupid little floppy disks. And
now Juno is a dial up ISP and I don\'t even know what AOL is anymore.

\[00:30:59\] But laughter but for a while AOL is a lot bigger.

\[00:31:03\] So I was traumatized by that kind of failure to commit to
one mode of bootstrapping or the other mode of getting really big fast.
And I think you should decide what you want to do. You can really
control your own destiny if you\'re willing to take a few more years and
bootstrap with a small kind of reliable business and use that to build
your next stage which is your facebook Netscape Groupon for squirrels.
Thank you very much.
