**Mark Zuckerberg at Startup School 2012-5bJi7k-y1Lo.mp4**

\[00:00:00\] Welcome everybody. I\'m bigger. Yeah yeah I hear you guys
are you. Okay. So these are the questions that I was curious about and I
think they\'ll be the questions you guys were curious about too. I\'m
going to ask a lot about the very early days of Facebook. We were just
talking about them in the back. It was fascinating. Wish you could have
heard it. We\'ll do our best to try to he said. So here\'s a question
might be a little bit difficult.

\[00:00:30\] How long before 2004 could something like Facebook have
succeeded like what was the last thing that was needed to fall into
place. Could someone have done it in 1995 or 2000. Yeah I know it\'s an
interesting question.

\[00:00:45\] There were certain elements that we certainly bootstrapped
off of and kind of used to pack early identity right.

\[00:00:53\] So one of the things that that people don\'t think about
that often today is early on we wanted to establish this culture of real
identity on the surface. And you know there weren\'t really any other
online services or communities where people were openly their real self
before that. And one of the ways that we kind of determined that someone
was really who they said they were in their credentials were real where
everyone had school email addresses. I don\'t know how much before. 2004
I assume you know around 2000 all schools started issuing e-mail
addresses. But that was really the critical thing that made it so that
we could get this counterintuitive thing that not many other services
were using school e-mail addresses where the original source of
identity.

\[00:01:34\] Well that\'s how we knew what school you were in. Right and
you weren\'t just a sockpuppet because you can\'t get the school to keep
an annual address.

\[00:01:42\] And so it also admitted that people can sign up for fake
accounts. Right. Right. People typically only of one school account so
having it being able to bootstrap off of that was this really nice early
thing that helped us establish this culture of real identity. And once
we got to a few million people or 10 million people where that culture
was established it was able to bootstrap into something that was much
bigger. That kept most of that culture even though now obviously most
people in the world don\'t have e-mails that are issued by some
institution that vouches for their identity.

\[00:02:10\] Now people log in through Facebook.

\[00:02:12\] Now you are the source of identity. Well you know it comes
out.

\[00:02:16\] Yes but you know but to your question about when would it
have been possible. You know one of the big trends that we see is that.
The amount that any individual shares in a given year seems to be
growing of it\'s exponentially increasing rate.

\[00:02:30\] Kirghiz Yeah I don\'t call it that but other people do. You
heard it here first. But you know I mean it is this kind of social
networking version of Moore\'s Law.

\[00:02:39\] It\'s interesting and you know what would that suggest to
me is if we expect that this rate is going to double every year then
look out 10 years to the 10th is 10 24.

\[00:02:49\] Right. So ten years from now people will be sharing about
1000 times as many things.

\[00:03:00\] If you want to get our season next year I feel like
everything will be cool anyway. I just have a good have a good feeling
about today. I don\'t think that\'s a bad omen.

\[00:03:08\] Now that\'s wonderful.

\[00:03:11\] So anyway so I think the question is not Would Facebook
have not been possible before 2004 it would have been in some capacity
but people would have shared less. And if you fast forward five years
there\'s going to be a version of all these social services that people
are using to share way more. And I think that anyone here could be can
kind of think about ten years from now people are going to be sharing a
thousand times as much stuff a day. This is this trend continues.
What\'s what things are going to have to exist in the world and what
kind of services are going to have to exist in order for that to be
possible. Instagram for toilets.

\[00:03:43\] That\'s the final frontier. Instagram is killing it. I mean
they\'re they\'re doing really well. So that\'s a good frontier. Right.

\[00:03:53\] When you first launched in the very beginning the features
were sort of profile with like a profile photo and your name and who you
are. And also you included things like what house you lived in what dorm
you lived in and what courses you were taking. What do you think it
would have worked without that.

\[00:04:08\] Would it have been enough just to have profiles.

\[00:04:11\] You know it\'s a really interesting question and we
certainly since then have evolved and wanted to make a more general
service. So we\'ve dropped some of those things. But I remember there\'s
this early debate that Dustin and I had where we had to do some manual
work for every school that we that we released Facebook at.

\[00:04:30\] And in order to do that we basically went through and we
passed the course catalogs of the schools to make sure that it was
clean. And I remember having this debate where Dustin was like we could
just expend so much faster or it would just be easier. I mean we were
bound by server capacity but it would be easier to launch new schools if
we didn\'t have to have course catalogs four for each school and we just
had this really long debate about what quality meant for us and the
community that we wanted to establish. And the culture of it and you
know in retrospect you know maybe you wouldn\'t have had a huge
difference on how things played out. But it definitely kind of set the
tone where there\'s a lot of kind of clean data on Facebook. You can
rely on it. It feels like a college specific thing which was valuable
early on for setting the culture even though obviously since then we\'ve
grown beyond that. And you know I think you guys in the projects that
you work on you\'re gonna have a lot of similar questions. I mean
there\'s the famous 80 20 rule where you know you get 80 percent of the
benefit by doing 20 percent of the work. But. You can\'t just 80 20
everything. Right. I mean there have to be certain things that you just
are the best at right and that you go way further than anyone else that
you establish this kind of quality bar and have your product be the best
thing that\'s out there so you know whether we had to do that one or had
to do something we had to do I think enough of those things or else we
just wouldn\'t have the best service out there.

\[00:05:47\] Do you remember when you got rid of courses when you used
up part including course time probably when we expanded beyond colleges
really so you kept doing courses. Yeah. All through girl was like
hundreds of colleges.

\[00:06:01\] I think we eventually figured out a way that just
crowdsourced it and made it a bit easier once we had enough data that we
could extrapolate from the colleges that we had in place but we did it
for probably way longer than was rational.

\[00:06:15\] Do you do you remember how much your first server cost. You
said that eighty five dollars. Eighty five. And I remember that because
that was the gating factor for us launching new schools.

\[00:06:25\] I mean we had this philosophy from the very beginning that
we didn\'t want to be this project. It wasn\'t even a company at the
very beginning but we didn\'t want to be burning a lot of money. We
weren\'t planning on raising a lot of money we didn\'t want to be one of
these things that raised a bunch of money and was losing a bunch of
money and decided that we\'d somehow pull it through the end. And so you
know so.

\[00:06:44\] Eighty five dollars for the first survey put out ads on the
site and the ads at the beginning were we just were running some kind of
ad network and you wonder what the first day had was. Now I don\'t. Know
how much you get ads. This was Eduardo\'s job early on was I mean with
your ad sales. Yeah. He basically like he was responsible for making
sure that we had enough money to keep things running in the beginning
and you basic them.

\[00:07:10\] So it was the server was eighty five dollars and you know
Duson and I basically worked on kind of efficiency in making sure that
we can fit more schools onto each server and in Edwardo worked on
selling more ads or making a deal so we can get an ad network so that
where we can we can make more money than whenever we had more money we
rented another eighty five dollar a month server and we kind of went
from there.

\[00:07:30\] And know is some interesting way of seeing ever spent money
you didn\'t have in the beginning not the beginning now and then then I
mean even how was the constraint on your growth rate. How many new
eighty five dollars is you could get. Yeah I mean it was actually good
because you know sometimes it\'s really nice to have the time to get
your product to be awesome and deal with scaling problems.

\[00:07:50\] And one of the things that was interesting was at the time
I don\'t know how many people remember this and Friendster was the
service that had massive scaling problems the idea was they were big too
quickly and it was really hard for them to scale and you know the fact
that we could kind of go college buy College in and kind of optimize the
service and make it more efficient and offer new features for make sure
that they worked. I think was really key. I mean we\'re talking my
people would never built a company before we never built any large scale
software or anything. So having that period where we could just bake it
and you know people these days like to talk about how these services
grow super quickly and Facebook did grow quickly. But I think it took a
year for us to get a million users and we thought that that was
incredibly fast. But and I think it is but it wasn\'t as quick as a lot
of things grow today and I think actually having that time to bake it
was really valuable for nearly 2000 users at Harvard.

\[00:08:43\] That\'s 500 x a year. That\'s pretty fast older I think
around 4000 or 5000 undergrads at Harvard. I remember reading you that
half of them. I mean presumably we\'ll know there was two thirds or
three quarters or something in the first two weeks.

\[00:08:55\] So I mean the thing that we found was that basically we
opened it up at a school and within a couple of weeks then the vast
majority of students would it would be on the server.

\[00:09:04\] Was there a school ever that you opened it and it didn\'t
work didn\'t stick.

\[00:09:09\] Some schools took longer than others depending on the size
of the school. So what we basically did was lunch at Harvard first
because I wanted it right.

\[00:09:17\] And I built it for myself. I like I really wanted to use
the service and you know this is one of the ironies is I started
building Facebook because I wanted to use it in college and then I
immediately left college so I didn\'t really get to do that but just
expanded to everybody else outside.

\[00:09:32\] So it worked out.

\[00:09:34\] But you know so then after Harvard all these schools
started all a lot of students from other schools started writing tests
and asking for us to expand and we were looking to start a company.
Right. And I figured that eventually something like this would would
exist at large scale but you know one of the interesting juxtapositions
that was going on at the time was I remember distinctly I had this one
friend who I went and got pizza with almost every night.

\[00:10:02\] We did all our computer science problem sets together at
Harvard and at the time I remember talking to him about Taiwan.

\[00:10:10\] I was working on this Facebook thing and I thought it would
be cool for Harvard and I really was excited about it because I wanted
to use it. But at the same time how I thought that over time someone
would definitely go build this version of this for the world. But it was
going to be so was going to be you know Microsoft or you know someone
who built the software for hundreds of millions of people who were we
were college students sorry were not qualified in any way to build this.
Now I think a lot of my takeaway from that was that we just kind of
cared more than those other companies about making it exist. So I\'ll be
back to you back kind of question and off that tangent.

\[00:10:42\] The first set of schools that we launched after Harvard
were schools that had other kind of school specific social networks. I
think it was Stanford had something Columbia had something. And I think
Yale had something. So why does you choose ones that had schools
specific social network. Because you don\'t want to do competitors. Well
I wanted to go to the schools I thought would be the hardest for us to
succeed at. Because I knew that if we had a product that was better than
everything else that other students were making at other colleges then
it would be worth investing in and putting in putting time into. But I
didn\'t want to just kind of get into a project where there would end up
being this huge legacy of maintaining it if ultimately there were just
gonna be different things that were as good as it. So we thought that
this was going to be good.

\[00:11:21\] And you know we launched it at was Yale Stanford Columbia
and.

\[00:11:27\] And yeah I mean pretty quickly I think it just so you felt
probably that you could have just gone to some random school and it
would have succeeded. You chose those because they had nascent
competitors.

\[00:11:37\] Yeah I mean I think what we saw in those schools was people
wanted to use something like this. Right.

\[00:11:43\] So we just wanted to make sure that what we had was like
way better than anything else that was out there worth you know putting
time into.

\[00:11:50\] Do you think. I know I read in the crimson article about
when you first launch hundreds of people sign up for new how hundreds
hundreds signed up for new Facebook Web site.

\[00:12:01\] That is not the onion that is the crimson. Sometimes hard
to distinguish Harvard students. OK.

\[00:12:09\] So do you think though they said in this article that
Harvard the Harvard computer services people were working on a
university wide Facebook. Their problem was like they couldn\'t figure
out how to restrict information enough. Right. Do you think if that had
already existed if you had gone a couple years younger and you\'d come
to Harvard and this already exist do you think you would have ever
started Facebook.

\[00:12:29\] I don\'t know. I mean there\'s this trend that I was
talking about before where each year people share more and more. Right.
So I think that you can kind of map out at any given point and I think
you can look at the Internet and say OK there\'s enough sharing to
support certain products right so Wikipedia came really before Facebook
because there was a smaller amount of sharing could support information
about older public entities and Reynolds right. But in order to have
enough sharing to support some basic information so you can look up
anyone and find some interesting stuff about them then that required
more sharing. So we had to be further along this curve. And you know in
a couple of years earlier someone might have been able to do something
that was more basic but a couple of years later even a couple of years
from now someone will be able to build something that is just so much
more encompassing and allows people to learn so much more about the
people around them than what is even built today. So our kind of
continual mission and job is to keep on building that next thing and I
mean that\'s what we live for at Facebook and what excites us.

\[00:13:26\] So even if Harvard even if the university had built
something there would always you could have built the next thing.

\[00:13:32\] Yeah. And it\'s obviously always hard to tell exactly how
things would have played out. But I mean one of the interesting things
about Facebook was it wasn\'t just a picture and some basic information
pretty quickly gave people the ability to share more stuff. Right. And
one of the early stories that I think is pretty instructive for anyone
who\'s trying to build a start up is you know we really listen to what
our users wanted to read and listening means both kind of qualitatively
listening to the words that they say and quantitatively looking at the
behaviors that they take. And at the beginning we we we had one profile
picture that you could have on on your on your profile based on what we
observed was there was this behavior where a lot of people would
everyday upload a new profile picture and you\'d take away from this was
that you know people there was this very strong demand to have a service
where people could share more photos. And it actually wasn\'t until we
had the server capacity and the engineering team bandwidths actually
built a full photo sharing service. But that\'s become obviously one of
the key parts of Facebook. I think we\'re over 3 or 400 million photos
shared a day now. So I mean it\'s pretty crazy. But you know obviously
no facebook that that any university would have built would have
supported that. Right. And you know even just like any right any
incremental thing that would have just tied whatever mugshot you have on
your your card it would have been your picture.

\[00:14:48\] So they would have chosen the picture which is in the
picture. Yeah I can totally see Hoeh added in.

\[00:14:56\] Do you remember when you first showed up in college what
you plan to do afterwards. Do you think you were going to go to graduate
school or did you think you\'re going to get a job we only got verst
went to college.

\[00:15:06\] I actually was planning on being a classics major. I loved
classics and high school Latin and Greek. I just picked on it
fascinating. And my sister actually did go on and do that and now tune
in classics and we talk about this all the time is still fascinating to
me when I was in college I actually wasn\'t a computer science major I
was a psychology major. I didn\'t really get around to taking that many
classes and I left pretty quickly and I actually ended up taking more
computer science classes than then psychology classes but I was never
you know I don\'t know.

\[00:15:38\] So you had no plan. No. I mean you\'re going to be a
barista.

\[00:15:42\] No I probably would have.

\[00:15:44\] I probably would have gotten an engineering job. Is my
sense and I would have gotten sucked into programming. Well I mean I
like programming and I really you know growing up I always had a lot of
respect for Microsoft and what they\'ve built and a lot of people from
Harvard go to Microsoft and went to Microsoft and I maybe I would\'ve
done that. I don\'t know. It\'s it\'s really obviously hard to say.
Later I made this bet with my sister Donna. The classics pitched to you
I was talking about before who I bet her when I was starting college
before she was that she bet me that she would finish college before me.
And I was like alright I\'ll take the bad like you know. And then after
after I dropped out I was talking to my mom and she\'s like yeah no I
always knew you would drop out of college. Thanks mom. Know that you
would zoom out of the top or fall out of the bottom. I\'d never ask.

\[00:16:42\] Do you think your parents knew that you would always run
your own show.

\[00:16:46\] Because I asked them I think they\'d probably say yes. But
yeah I want to start startups. No I mean I think that\'s actually a
really interesting part of this for me is that I mean being in a place
like this where obviously a lot of you guys are thinking about starting
these starting companies and you know for me so much of the lesson that
I feel like I\'ve learned is I feel like it\'s really hard to decide to
start a company.

\[00:17:11\] Right. You know Facebook I didn\'t start it to start a
company I started it because I really wanted this thing personally and I
believed that it should exist globally although I wasn\'t quite sure
that we would be able to play a role in doing that. And it was mostly
just through kind of like wanting to build it and having it be this
hobby and getting people around me excited that it eventually kind of
evolved into and got the momentum to become a company. But I never
really understood the psychology of deciding that you want to start a
company before you understand what you want to do. And I know that
that\'s not that that\'s different from your philosophy.

\[00:17:43\] No no. Believe me I wish we could get more people who wear
the company started them rather than Vice\'s or isn\'t one of the issues
is just that once you get back to a question of why did we why did we
first open it at colleges that had competitors.

\[00:17:56\] I have this big fear I think of getting locked into doing
things that aren\'t actually the most impactful things. To me this is
like the treat that entrepreneurs have as they just have this like laser
like ability to go find where they can have the most impact. And you
know when you take on a new project especially if you hire people or
start a company you\'re doing a project. And I mean there are other ways
they\'re obviously different ways that it can exert and all that. But I
think having the flexibility to explore a lot of different things which
you can do when you\'re in college which is one of the amazing things
about being in college is you can work on all of these hobbies and code
a lot of stuff and try a lot of different things. It\'s this amazing
flexibility that I think most people take for granted and once you
decide OK I\'m going to start a company I\'m going to do it with someone
else. You immediately now need to convince someone else if you want to
change your mind on something and I think people really undervalue the
option value and flexibility. So as I stay in college I think explore
what you want to do before committing is really like that. The key thing
and keep yourself flexible.

\[00:18:55\] And I think that that\'s I agree. But I think you can do
that within the framework of a company.

\[00:19:01\] But I think you have to be wary about starting a company
too rigidly because you\'re going to change what you do. I mean people
talk about Pivot\'s all the time as if it\'s like a dozen didn\'t you do
your thing didn\'t work. So you pivoted Facebook pivoted many times just
that you know we kind of we were college and then we were not college
and then we were just a Web site and then we were a platform right.
You\'re going to change what you do. Right.

\[00:19:23\] And we\'re going to make sure you have. There\'s another
word for the kind of pivots you\'re talking about expansion\'s help.

\[00:19:29\] That\'s what people usually mean by that. Well you know.
Flexibility.

\[00:19:37\] I\'m curious when you first started. Like there\'s a
difference between making something where people sign up and making
something where people keep coming back. Yeah right. What was it you
were talking about the way you measured people\'s behavior. What was the
feature that kept people coming back to Facebook over and over again
once they created their profile.

\[00:19:57\] I mean I think it really just gets down to what makes
humans human right. I mean this comes back to the my my studying
psychology and all that but the human brain is kind of uniquely wired to
process things about people.

\[00:20:12\] It\'s like when I see you when I look out I see faces I
don\'t see. You know chairs or the room around people it\'s like we\'re
hardwired to think about people I mean there are whole parts of the
visual cortex that just process the slightest kind of micro movements of
your face to process emotion and this is like what people are and what
fascinates them and it\'s how we how we process the world actually I
heard the study recently that I think is interesting which is that most
humans if you if you take an MRI when they\'re dreaming they dream about
social interactions and humans are the only animal that does that. So
no. OK. But there was no service online that I mean when I when I
thought about the Internet before Facebook there were all these things
that I thought Google and search engines were amazing. You can type in
something and get access to any information that you wanted but you
couldn\'t learn about the people around you. Right. Because most of that
information isn\'t public and just out there ready to be indexed by some
search engine. So there had to be a service that gave people the power
to share the things that they wanted and control it in the way that they
wanted. And Facebook did that and I think that it\'s not a one one
definition of technology that I think is interesting as it extends some
natural human capacity. Right.

\[00:21:22\] So glasses or contacts extend your ability to see where
Steve Jobs once famously compared a computer to being a bicycle for your
mind. Right. And basically extending your ability to think and I mean
the word computer is the Latin thing together. Right.

\[00:21:38\] So it\'s like you\'re you\'re thinking together the a
social network I think extends people\'s very real social capacity. I
mean you hear all these approximations I mean there\'s this famous
Dunbar\'s number. Humans have the capacity to maintain empathetic
relationships with about 150 people communities about 150 people.

\[00:21:56\] I think Facebook extends that when you see how others have
that within Facebook by the way do you see certain things that stop it
150.

\[00:22:03\] Naturally when people sign up the average amount of friends
that they get is around 150 but then over time it can expand and you can
keep in touch and stay in touch with many more people. So I think it\'s
so given that I actually think one of the lessons from that is I do
something that\'s fundamental right. I mean I think a lot of people in a
lot of the companies that I see are operating on on small problems.
Right. And it\'s cool if you want to be an entrepreneur and solve what
you\'re primarily trying to do is build a company and solve some
tangible problem. But but I think that the most interesting things
operate on this phenomenon in the world which are really just
fundamental to how humans or the world operate.

\[00:22:40\] So what you did with something that was fundamental for a
small market and then used to expand the market from beyond Harvard
students to everyone but Harvard students who are sufficiently like.

\[00:22:49\] Well it was. GROSS Yeah it was fundamental for me. Right
it\'s like I like I felt this need really acutely I really wanted this
certain and so yeah. And then I think it just I mean that\'s one of the
things that I think we were lucky about in kind of the expansion of the
market was that it turned out that this wasn\'t something that was just
for college students. Almost everyone in the world has friends and
family and want to stay in touch with those people. So it ended up being
a pretty ubiquitous service.

\[00:23:12\] In retrospect this is a bit of a controversial question
perhaps but in retrospect do you think MySpace had a chance once you
started and you got all the college students and the college deans are
arguably like the center of gravity socially right. You own all the
college students. It feels like you know from the point you start
expanding out of Harvard MySpace might not have known it. Maybe you
didn\'t even know it but it seems like in retrospect they were doomed.
You know I don\'t.

\[00:23:39\] I don\'t see it that way actually. They could have won.

\[00:23:42\] No it\'s not about winning and losing it\'s about doing
something that\'s valuable. Right. There were more than one more than
one social network.

\[00:23:51\] Not very many.

\[00:23:53\] I mean my view the world is that almost every product in
category is going to get transformed and reimagined to be social. So
there were things that MySpace did that Facebook has never done. You
know MySpace I think was it was a much better service early on for
meeting new people right. Facebook was never primarily about meeting new
people it was about staying connected with the people that you knew and
kind of mapping out the real relationships that existed. Now I think
part of the issue is the source growing and they felt threatened by that
and tried to copy what we were doing and that\'s like you\'re never
going to win that way. Why is that. I mean I think of all these
interesting social services and apps that are getting built today. I
mean think of all the new apps that you guys install on your phones.
There are so many interesting things in there. Eight out of the top
10U.S. apps plug into Facebook. 50 percent of the top 400 apps plug into
Facebook. They\'re all kind of socially integrated and in these ways.
But companies that are getting started now that are just trying to copy
the stuff that that the other companies are doing just aren\'t aren\'t
successful. By the way how we do it for time is anybody in charge of
time.

\[00:25:00\] 12 27. What time do we start. A few more minutes. All
right. We\'ll ask you a few more questions. So you think do you think
MySpace could have survived if they had gone off into some marginal
territory like how do you do it all.

\[00:25:13\] Somehow I think that there is a real value in the world.
People have a fundamental need I think to stay connected with the people
they know. And I think people have many fundamental needs to meet new
people and expand their horizons as well. And that\'s never been the
primary problem that Facebook is trying to solve. And I think it\'s
something that we can do. It\'s something that someone else could do
using our platform or that someone else can do using it building it
independently and you know I never bought the music thing for MySpace.
So I mean they they you kind of always say that they were a music
service. I\'m not sure why did they do that. I don\'t know if you have
to ask them but.

\[00:25:49\] Maybe they can\'t.

\[00:25:49\] They counted on bands to spam their fans or something like
that. That\'s that\'s a powerful force in the world. So. Before we go I
want to ask you about how you ended up out here. Do you. What was what
was the sort of how did how did you end up in that house in Palo Alto.
Was it something you decided at the last minute. I don\'t actually
remember.

\[00:26:11\] You know I remember bits of the story but you know so first
I wrote the first version of Facebook. January of 2004 and released in
February. And the reason why I did in January was was because at the
time Harvard had this intersession thing. It\'s kind of weird. I think
that they don\'t have that reading period anymore. I think they\'ve
changed it.

\[00:26:33\] So now we know now is that all you know now because they
try to kick out everyone who starts anything interesting there. But but
that\'s. Why.

\[00:26:47\] I think that I think that they\'re actually trying to
change that. But. But it is striking. So now they admit it.

\[00:26:56\] I think so finals are. Before you go away for holidays but
they had this thing before where in January you basically just have this
dead month where you could study for finals so you could study for five
series but hypothetically you could you could study for finals.

\[00:27:12\] I wondered when I sort we started in January it was
starting and reading period. And it was because you had this time where
you weren\'t too busy with stuff.

\[00:27:18\] Yeah although I actually I probably should have been
studying there\'s this other story that I think is very funny which is I
was taking this course room of Agustus and it was it was one of the core
curriculum classes that we had in the final was that these pieces of art
that you study throughout the class and then they give you some on the
final day they show you some of the pieces of art you have to write
about the historical significance of them and you know I hadn\'t really
done much of the reading in the class.

\[00:27:47\] I mostly just spent my time programming and building stuff
that I enjoyed. And you know I could have used reading period to study
for this but instead a spent reading building Facebook. So instead what
I did was I\'m I hacked together this Web site where I went and
downloaded from the court\'s website the 200 or so images that we\'re
going to be potentially on the final. And I just built this very simple
page the site where it showed one of the images and then you could
contribute what you thought was significant about it and then you can
see what other people thought was significant about it.

\[00:28:19\] And then and then you could go next and pull up a random
one and then I emailed it to the classlessness Okay guys I built a study
tool if you wanted to find this interesting.

\[00:28:27\] And then everyone just populated this thing for me. And it
was wonderful. And the professor after that thing mentioned that the
greed\'s on the final had never been higher before. So. So yes it\'s
crowdsourced studying so yeah.

\[00:28:50\] And you know a lot of interesting social dynamics that you
can apply to almost any category that you choose to build for. But yeah
so it\'s I built I build the first version in January. Some of the time
I was at Harvard. Supposed to be studying. I actually went and visited a
couple of friends or one who was at Stanford and one who is out at
Caltech. And at the time I had never really been out to California
before.

\[00:29:17\] And you went in January and January. And what did you
think.

\[00:29:19\] Well you know I remember you know coming in to the food at
SFO and was driving down one to one and I saw these buildings for all
these companies like wow this is like where these technology companies
these technology companies come from this is amazing.

\[00:29:33\] And and then just like oh the weather also was awesome and
I remember I had been at Harvard for freshman year and I stayed there
for the summer and then sophomore year. So by the time that sophomore
summer kind of came around my friends and I were just like Okay well
let\'s let\'s go somewhere else. Right. And let\'s rent a place in
California. So we decided to get a place in Palo Alto and the idea the
time wasn\'t that we actually were not thinking about moving to
California or dropping out the actually the actual thought that had
crossed that there was in our mind. It\'ll be neat to be around some of
these other great companies that are getting built. One day maybe you
will find something that will build a company out of. But surely this
isn\'t it. And so we went out to California and Dharm and we just I
remember this conversation where one day Dustin pulled me aside and was
like you know we\'re getting to have a lot of users and where we are
have an increasing number of servers we have no ops guy.

\[00:30:31\] It\'s a weird the ops guy and and this was before kind of
easy to write so you didn\'t have to. So you had to do more to manage
manage your your own servers at that point and just like you know this
is this is really hard.

\[00:30:44\] I don\'t think that we can do this and take a full course
load so let\'s say Harvard does this policy where you can take as much
time as you want off from school.

\[00:30:53\] So why don\'t we just take one term off and then just try
to get it under control and build the rulings that way we can go back
for spring semester and run it more autonomously and will grow and
we\'ll be able to run more autonomously. So we did that and of course we
raised money from Peter Tioba we told him the plan right and kind of
explained what you told him you might go back to school. Yeah I think he
didn\'t believe us but.

\[00:31:15\] You know where you want to work my life just this long
history of people thinking I was going to drop out.

\[00:31:20\] Well before I did but.

\[00:31:24\] So then you know spring term came along and you know we
hadn\'t quite built the tooling and automation so you know let\'s take
another term off and then finally at some point we we just figured that
we were that we were out there. But by then I mean we had millions of
users.

\[00:31:39\] So you didn\'t definitely decide not to go back home until
you had millions of users. Yeah.

\[00:31:44\] Wow I think I could still go back Harvard Harvard does this
policy where you can go back for as long as you want.

\[00:31:50\] Whatever their policy was I\'m sure they would bend the
rules. In your case. Are we are we done or are we over. Is there anybody
watching the time. We have to go to market as a wedding. Yes I do.

\[00:32:02\] It\'s actually the guy who I who I said before I used to go
to pizza with him every almost every night. We were doing our CSI
problems. That\'s what he is he joined Facebook and we\'re really good
friends and he\'s getting married right after this. So I have to go and
run off to that. But thank you guys.
