**Ben Silbermann at Startup School 2012-KYQHPHYs2Os.mp4**

*本·西尔伯曼，2012年创业学校-KYQHPHYs2Os.mp4*

\[00:00:00\] Well first thanks for having me. It\'s really exciting for
me to be here in front of like so many people that all want to build
cool things. I was I was getting ready for the talk last night. And I
was going back through all the e-mails because sometimes your memory is
a little bit hazy. And I found an e-mail from March 2010 which was
roughly like three and a half months after we\'d launch Pinterest and
it\'s an e-mail to our advisors and our investors at the time and I
thought I would read it to you. So it\'s kind of like a cool blast from
the past for me says Hey everyone I wanted to provide a quick update
from Code Blue Labs which is a company name just to review we launched a
Web site called Pinterest. It\'s a tool for people to share and discover
the things they love. People join Pinterest to create these collections
or pin boards into follow collections created by their friends. We\'re
happy to say that we\'re making good progress. Today we have almost 3000
registered users in our daily pin count is steadily increasing. I\'m
also happy to say that we\'ve made big operational improvements. We\'re
relocating our offices to a new building just a few blocks away. The
price will decrease as we are sharing it with another Y Combinator
startup Shardlow. And we\'ve also gotten some free Amazon hosting
credits. So. A couple funny things about the e-mail in general. The
first is that the new location in question is a dilapidated two bedroom
apartment on California Avenue. And in fact when I told Jessica
Livingston that we were moving there she said oh my god. I thought that
place was a profile and the second is the exact setup of the place. So
we had two bedrooms one of which my co-founder Paul lived in in one of
which Dave the co-founder of Chardy lived in. This is a picture of Dave
and we worked out of the living room. These two companies all together
pretty much all day. And Dave was a late night guy who\'s hackers hacker
always up till 4a.m. And so when we were having meetings with investors
or with users every once in a while Dave would kind of saunter out in
his towel because that was how he had to get to the shower and just sort
of wave at everyone and it was really awkward. And so a little bit later
when we all got to go watch The Social Network we made a pact that if
anyone ever made a movie about our company they would get to be played
by Ryan Gosling cause Ryan Gosling is awesome abs. So the other thing
though that\'s like a little bit more serious is if you think about it
for months in three thousand accounts for consumers start up is really
not very good. And I think the thing that surprised me the most in
starting a company after reading about you know Facebook hits Harvard 95
percent penetration in two weeks like Instagram shoots to a million
people. Is that it can take a really really long time to build things
that are worthwhile. So March 2010 we launched Pinterest where 3000
accounts. And that wouldn\'t be so bad if we hadn\'t started building
Pinterest. Actually in November 2009 and that alone wouldn\'t have been
so bad if I hadn\'t left my job to start a company. In May 2008 a lot of
people say things like running a startup is like running a marathon. And
I think the part of the analogy that\'s right is that it\'s long but
it\'s actually really different. Mean I think when I think about my
experience it\'s more like going on a road trip like in a car that
doesn\'t have good headlights and you know very much gas and you think
you\'re going to Toledo but you find out you\'re supposed to be in Miami
and if you really run out of gas you might have to buy gas from someone
that might just kick you out of your own driver seat. And that
uncertainty the fact that every single day you\'re dealing with a lot of
choices and you don\'t have a lot of perfect information is for me the
lesson that was hardest to learn and continues to be a real challenge in
doing a startup today. So I\'m going to talk a little bit about kind of
our journey through this kind of weird process and a few the things that
we learned along the way. Number one lesson making things can take a
long time. So 2008 I was working at Google and I was an ad sense not as
an engineer but working basically doing customer support taking feedback
from users and feeding it back into the advertising products. The reason
I was there was because I\'d come from WashingtonD.C. where I was
working as a consultant and growing up even though I always looked up to
anybody that made things where there was an architect or an engineer or
an artist. I\'d always kind of thought that I was going to be a doctor.
And so I pursued that path which is the same path my parents pursued the
same path that both my sister pursued. So when I graduated from college
and decided I didn\'t want to be a doctor I was a little bit lost. But
even then like even other the times I thought I was going to be a doctor
I had this real interest in technology I thought it was really cool. So
when I was an undergrad I made a program with some friends that let you
try on glasses online. And it was appropriate because both my parents
were opthamologists when I was at my consulting job inD.C. a good friend
of mine named Altay had me help him out with his wife. He started up
what he was trying to help market bands. He was musician in a band. And
even when I moved out to California I was at Google. I was working on
another Web site which was a quiz Web site that let anybody play quiz
questions about anything they wanted. And the common theme through all
these things was that for some reason I kept going back to the idea of
building a product. I thought that was a really exciting thing to do but
it always stalled and I always had an excuse for why it stalled. It
wasn\'t the right market. I needed to learn more by working at Google.
It wasn\'t the right timing but actually the dependent variable was just
me right. The dependent variable was that I never actually committed and
put myself in a situation where I had to make it work. And so I think
for me I paid too much attention to talks where people basically build
something huge on the side and they were pulled out of their job and
everything was working. For me at least the act of committing to going
out and going doing it turned out to be a really important thing. And so
I don\'t know if this applies to everyone I\'ve heard of a lot of people
that have successfully built things on the side and then gently
transition it into a full time gig. But at least in my situation for a
person that really like puts his heart into whatever job is at hand. It
was a really important stuff. I actually remember the night that I made
the call. I was sitting at dinner with my girlfriend and now my wife and
I was talking about some cool idea that I think would be great how we
could build it and how we could market it. And she looked at me and said
you know you should either do it or just just stop talking about it. And
it was a little bit harsh but honestly it was the best thing someone
could have told me because she was absolutely right. And I feel
genuinely thankful that someone was honest enough of my life to just
call me out and say make it happen or don\'t make it happen but just
make your call and be happy with that call. And so I\'m always really
thankful for her giving me that advice. So I left in 2008 and I hooked
up with one of my friends named Paul he was a great friend from college.
Super driven guy and we decided that the thing we were really interested
in was mobile. So the iPhone had come out recently in a platform may
come out and so people were really excited about it and the product that
we wanted to build was called toat. It was a shopping catalog on the
phone. And the reason I thought this would be so cool was that I got all
these catalogs in the mail dumped on my doorstep and I had this brand
new. Like really cool phone and I just wanted to see something running
on this phone. And so we got to work and we started prototyping it. We
did it out of savings. But there were some problems. The first was that
it took a really long time to get things built and approved by Apple. A
really long time back then you had no idea what it was going to get
approved you had no idea it was going to happen. And second there were a
lot of unsolved problems back then. We had sort of these grand ideas of
doing all sorts of offline caching. Being able to use this thing in the
subway being able to eventually process payments. We put all those ideas
into this prototype and it made me really hard to ship. And not
surprisingly sooner or later we were in a situation where we really
needed to raise some money and it was 2008 and you had to non-technical
cofounders and it was a really bleak time. There are lots of ways for
investors to say no to and I\'m pretty sure that I\'ve heard all of them
like I\'ve heard every single one like these are the top three. Like no
one is call me back in a few months. This is kind of the most painful is
it\'s like you ask someone out on a date and not right now but maybe
maybe in November. Right. That one that one is like really really hard
to hear because you\'re going to have even less money and you even have
less leverage in negotiation. The second is who else is in. This is one
that you hear all the time it\'s like it\'s not good enough for me by
myself. But if there are other people with whom money I\'d be willing to
consider it. And then there were the occasional people that were really
blunt. They were just like there\'s no way this is going to happen. This
is this is insane. It\'s totally crazy. I remember really vividly I went
to a session where I was pitching actually a whole group of investors up
on Silicon Valley and it\'s really intimidating. You\'re looking at
these people build great companies and I\'m about five minutes into
explaining what we\'re doing. Everyone starts just like heading for the
door. And I was like Man Like what. What am I doing wrong. And I found
out that they had brought a tray of free cookies. And. What I was saying
was interesting enough to keep them in their seats as long as they were
like no cookies in the background. You know we\'ve done fundraising a
few times and sometimes it\'s been easier and sometimes it\'s been
really really hard. We\'ve done it where we\'ve flown to all the coasts
we\'ve tracked down everyone in our alumni directory whether they were
tech investors or not investors. We\'ve done it a bunch and I think
I\'ve learned like three important lessons that I think any entrepreneur
should should know if they are starting the kind of company they think
will need funding. The first is that even rich people. Are subject to
free cookies. Like even even though you\'re really rich you\'re probably
still the kind of person that is influenced by free. And that lesson is
actually something really important that said investors are just people
. Investors are just regular people that happen to have other
people\'s money or their own money that they\'re willing to put forward.

[00：00]好吧，首先谢谢你邀请我。对我来说，在这里站在这么多人的面前，都想做些很酷的事情，真是太令人兴奋了。昨晚我在准备演讲。我翻看了所有的电子邮件，因为有时候你的记忆有点模糊。我在2010年3月发现了一封电子邮件，大约是在我们推出Pinterest的三个半月后，当时它是给我们的顾问和投资者的电子邮件，我想我会读给你们听。对我来说，这就像一场来自过去的酷爆，嘿，大家好，我想从CodeBlueLabs那里提供一个快速更新，这是一个公司名称，只是为了回顾一下，我们推出了一个名为Pinterest的网站。它是人们分享和发现他们所爱的东西的工具。人们加入Pinterest来创建这些收藏品或将插板插入到他们的朋友创建的收藏中。我们很高兴地说，我们正在取得良好的进展。今天，我们有近3000注册用户在我们的日常针计数是稳步增加。我也很高兴地说，我们在运营上做了很大的改进。我们要把我们的办公室搬到几个街区外的一栋新大楼里。价格将下降，因为我们正在与另一个Y组合创业公司Shardlow分享它。我们还获得了一些免费的亚马逊托管服务。所以关于电子邮件的一些有趣的事情。第一个问题是，新的地点是一个破旧的两居室公寓在加利福尼亚大道。事实上，当我告诉杰西卡·利文斯顿我们要搬到那里时，她说，天啊。我以为那个地方是个人资料，第二个是这个地方的确切设置。所以我们有两间卧室，一间是我的共同创始人保罗住的，查迪的联合创始人戴夫住在其中一间。这是戴夫的照片，我们走出客厅。这两家公司几乎一整天都在一起。戴夫是个深夜黑客，他的黑客一直到凌晨4点。因此，当我们每隔一段时间与投资者或用户开会时，戴夫就会在毛巾里闲逛，因为这就是他不得不去洗澡的方式，只是向每个人挥手而已，这真的很尴尬。后来，当我们都要去看社交网络的时候，我们达成了一个协议，如果有人拍了一部关于我们公司的电影，他们就会被瑞恩·高斯林扮演，因为瑞恩·高斯林的腹肌很棒。因此，另一件事是，如果你在三千个账户里想上几个月，消费者开始创业，那就不是很好了。我认为最让我惊讶的是，在你读到Facebook之后，我创办了一家公司。Facebook在两周内达到了哈佛大学95%的普及率，就像Instagram向100万人开枪射击一样。就是要花很长时间才能建造出有价值的东西。因此，2010年3月，我们推出了Pinterest，其中有3000个账户。如果我们没有开始建造Pinterest，那就不会那么糟糕了。事实上，在2009年11月，如果我没有离开我的工作去创办一家公司，光是这一点就不会那么糟糕了。2008年5月，很多人都说，经营初创企业就像跑马拉松一样。我认为这个类比的一部分是正确的，它是长的，但它实际上是不同的。我的意思是，当我想到我的经历时，更像是去公路旅行，就像在一辆没有好前灯的车里，你知道很多汽油，你认为你要去托莱多，但你发现你应该在迈阿密，如果你真的没油了，你可能得从一个可能把你赶出自己的驾驶座的人那里买汽油。这种不确定性-每一天你都要面对很多选择，而且你没有很多完美的信息-对我来说，这是一个很难学到的教训，在今天的创业中仍然是一个真正的挑战。所以我要谈一谈我们在这个奇怪的过程中所经历的旅程，以及我们沿途学到的一些东西。第一课做事情可能需要很长时间。所以，2008年，我在谷歌工作，我不是一个工程师，而是一个广告意识，我的工作基本上是做客户支持，听取用户的反馈，并将其反馈到广告产品中。我之所以在那里，是因为我来自华盛顿特区，在那里我是一名顾问，在那里长大，尽管我总是尊敬那些创造出有建筑师、工程师或艺术家的东西的人。我总觉得我会成为一名医生。于是我走了这条路，这条路和我父母走的路是一样的，我的姐姐也是这样走的。所以当我从大学毕业，决定不想当医生时，我有点不知所措。但即使在那时候，就像其他时候一样，我认为我会成为一名医生，我对科技有着真正的兴趣，我认为它真的很酷。所以当我还是个大学生的时候，我和一些朋友做了一个程序，让你可以在网上试用眼镜。这是恰当的，因为我在华盛顿特区咨询工作的时候，我的父母都是眼科医生，我的一个好朋友叫阿尔泰让我帮他解决他的妻子问题。他发起了他试图帮助市场乐队的活动。他是乐队的音乐家。甚至当我搬到加利福尼亚的时候，我也在谷歌工作。我在另一个网站上工作，这是一个小测验网站，任何人都可以对他们想要的任何东西进行问答。所有这些事情的共同主题是，出于某种原因，我一直回到建立一个产品的想法。我认为这是一件非常令人兴奋的事情，但它总是停滞，我总是有一个理由，为什么它停止。这不是个合适的市场。我需要通过在谷歌工作来了解更多。这不是正确的时机，但实际上因变量就只有我是对的。因变量是，我从来没有真正投入，让自己处于一个我必须让它工作的情况下。所以我觉得我太注重谈话了，在那里人们基本上是在一边建造一些巨大的东西，他们被撤职了，一切都在运转。至少对我来说，承诺出去做这件事是一件非常重要的事情。因此，我不知道这是否适用于我听说过的每一个人，他们成功地在一边建造了一些东西，然后轻轻地把它转变为全职工作。但至少在我这种情况下，一个真正喜欢的人把他的心投入到手头的任何工作中。这是一件非常重要的事情。我还记得我打电话的那晚。我和我的女朋友坐在一起吃晚饭，现在我和我的妻子在谈论一些很酷的想法，我认为这将是一个很好的方法，我们可以建造它，以及如何推销它。她看着我说你知道你要么做要么停止谈论。这是有点刺耳，但老实说，这是最好的事情，有人可以告诉我，因为她是绝对正确的。我由衷地感谢有人在我的生活中足够诚实地呼唤我，说“让它发生”或者“不让它发生”，而只是打你的电话，并对那个电话感到高兴。所以我一直很感激她给我的建议。所以我在2008年离开了，我和一个叫保罗的朋友勾搭上了，他是大学里的一个很好的朋友。超级有动力的家伙，我们决定我们真正感兴趣的是移动。因此，iPhone最近在一个平台上发布了，因此人们对此感到非常兴奋，我们想要生产的产品叫做toat。是电话里的购物目录。我之所以认为这很酷，是因为我把所有这些目录都寄到了我的门口，而且我有了这个全新的目录。就像很酷的手机，我只想看到手机上有东西在运行。所以我们开始工作，开始制作原型。我们这么做是为了储蓄。但也有一些问题。第一，要花很长时间才能得到苹果公司的认可。很久以前，你不知道它会得到什么批准，你不知道它会发生什么。第二，当时有很多未解决的问题。我们有一些伟大的想法来做各种各样的离线缓存。能够在地铁里使用这个东西，最终能够处理付款。我们把所有这些想法都放在了这个原型上，这让我很难上船。不出所料，我们迟早会遇到这样一种情况：我们确实需要筹集一些资金，而那是2008年，你不得不与非技术联合创始人合作，这是一个非常惨淡的时期。对于投资者来说，有很多方法可以拒绝，我很确定我听到了他们所有人的声音，就像我听说过的一样，像这样的每一个人都是前三名。好像几个月后没人会再打给我一样。这是最痛苦的，就像你现在约一个人约会，但可能在11月。右（边），正确的一个人真的很难听出来，因为你的钱会更少，你在谈判中的影响力也会更小。第二个问题是还有谁在。这是一个你总是听到的\它是不够好，我一个人。但是如果有其他人和我一起有钱，我会愿意考虑的。偶尔也会有一些人直言不讳。他们就像这样\不可能发生这种事。这太疯狂了。太疯狂了。我真的很清楚地记得，我参加了一次会议，当时我在硅谷推销了一整群投资者，这真的很吓人。你会看到这些人建立了伟大的公司，而我只需五分钟就能解释我们在做什么。每个人都像朝门口走一样。我就像男人一样。我做错什么了。我发现他们带了一盘免费饼干。和我刚才说的话很有趣，只要它们不像背景中的饼干，就能把它们放在座位上。你知道，我们做过几次筹款，有时更容易，有时真的很难。我们做到了，我们飞到了所有海岸，我们追踪到校友目录中的每一个人，不管他们是科技投资者还是非投资者。我们已经做了很多，我想我已经学到了三个重要的教训，我认为任何企业家都应该知道，如果他们正在创办一家他们认为需要资金的公司。首先，即使是富人。都有免费曲奇。就像你真的很富有一样，你可能仍然是那种受自由影响的人。而这一教训实际上是非常重要的，因为投资者是太正确的人。投资者只是普通的人，他们碰巧有别人的钱或他们自己的钱，他们愿意提出来。

\[00:09:57\] And even though they have a really good opinion on things
they might be wrong. And that was something it was really hard for me to
swallow because I really looked up to all these people you know the
second lesson is that if you really need money and they have money and
they know they\'re the only person that can give you the money you
don\'t really have any leverage whatsoever. You have zero leverage and
that puts you in a really tough spot. You can\'t really negotiate its
2008. They know it\'s 2008 sirup it\'s kind of crappy nobody really uses
it. There\'s nothing you can do unless you hack that system right unless
you somehow turn the tables and give them a reason that you should have
the leverage and those reasons generally are fear of losing the deal
right. Or the belief that this thing is just going to be so big that
whether you give them money or not you\'re just going to be wildly
successful. Number two is a hard case for us to sell. So we sell for
number one and that was a really important thing. And the very last
thing I learned and this was something that was especially true when
you\'re kind of driving up Sanho road which I don\'t know if you guys
have been too far would look like the Emerald City but it kind of looks
like a ski lodge with no mountain. It\'s just very like normal
buildings. The final thing I learned is that people are going to give
you all kinds of advice and I think it\'s really easy to take that
advice because you walk into a room and there\'s like Google\'s first
stock certificate. And you know there is like invented Yahoo. Like his
people are really really really smart. But if you look at the returns on
venture capital it\'s pretty shaky. Like we\'re in a pretty high
volatility industry. And one thing that we always told ourselves and one
thing that I really really believe is that fundamentally the Future is
Unwritten like you knew they would be done right. And so people can tell
you that you should be more technical they can tell you that you\'re in
the wrong market they can tell you all of these things and those things
might be true and you should assess them for yourself but you shouldn\'t
take it on face because they could be wrong. And in the back of your
head you have to remember something that for all the millions of
dollars. Venture capital investors have made for all the certificates
that are on the wall there is little trophy\'s when things go IPO for
all of those things. There are things that they passed on and those are
the things that actually burned them up. Those are the ones that haunt
them at night. And I think that if you can convince somebody that you
just might be the one that\'s going to beat the odds you can be
successful and it\'s a general idea that I think it\'s important whether
you\'re recruiting whether you\'re raising money whether you just need
to make a final push in adjusting your product. So eventually you put
money together and we\'re working back onto it. We were solving the same
fundamental problem that we couldn\'t iterate and improve fast enough
and we were fundraising on the East Coast. And while I was out there I
met this really great guy named Evan Sharp. Evan is a Columbia graduate
student at the time who\'s studying architecture. And we just hit it off
and Evan and Paul and I are commiserating about this whole dilemma and
we\'re just thinking I will be cool to build like what do we just want
to see and really what we wanted to see was we wanted to see something
out there in the world. We just wanted to see somebody using something.
Somebody asked me once like What\'s my what\'s my big plan like what
would make me really happy when we\'re starting ventures I was like
cheese I just want to go somewhere and see somebody they don\'t know
using something that I made and how to be kind of useful. That is what I
thought was really exciting. And so we came up with ideas for something
that was web based really simple something that we would use personally
and that was Pinterest. We\'d learned a lesson from doing the iPhone app
and it was that even though we had all these ideas of all these great
features that were cramming in we weren\'t great at one thing. There
wasn\'t one thing that was special about it. People talk a lot about
like a minimum viable product or when you should ship something. And my
advice is you should ship when you have one thing that you\'re proud of.
Like one thing that is worthy of someone\'s time and I could take you a
long time and it could take you not very long at all but if it\'s not
worth their time to check out you\'re not going to get any good feedback
on whether it\'s good or not they\'re going to see it they\'re gonna be
like this is crap. Thank you for the feedback. Start again. And we
decided that the one thing we had to do really well if we were going to
make a Web site about collections we had to make it look really cool. We
didn\'t look cool. No one is gonna make a collection because they don\'t
want to show their friends because this thing that they just made looks
really lame. So this is the first version of Pinterest and it didn\'t
look very cool in November 2009. We started building the basic
infrastructure and started really iterating on what it could look like
how could you make it look really interesting. So we went through a lot
of versions of this vertical grid horizontal grid both left side NAV
right side NAV top nav different logos and we waited until we felt we
had something that we thought was really cool and we would show it to
people along the way we would show them something that we thought was a
little bit of an improvement. And we finally felt ready to launch it. I
emailed out to all my friends like all my family and I look at this
really cool thing we\'re really jazzed about it and basically no one
responded. There\'s basically no response at all 3000 accounts not
active users accounts is pretty bad if you three people actively pushing
it out to every single person they know every day for four months. But
there was something that was really positive and it was that the few
people they used it myself amongst them actually really loved it and
instead of immediately changing the product I was like maybe I can just
find more people like me. And that also fits with our current operating
strategy since we don\'t have very good engineering resources. So we\'re
just going to market this thing and that\'s what we started to do when
we started to have media offices serve for speed up in San Francisco. It
was a store called Rare device. We did another meet up later at West
Dalma so a little bit later we all tried to make it fun do fun pictures
and we also marketed it online. So we had a campaign with a blogger that
I had met named Victoria who is a wonderful woman and we had something
called Pinit forward where everyone would create a pinboard about what
home meant to them and it was organized like a chain letter like one
person would introduce the next person would introduce the next person
and everyone who participated would get invites to invite other people.
And the thing about it that really worked was we found this little group
of people that were interested in the same thing and we showed them how
the service could be helpful to them. And fundamentally that\'s what
Pinterest is about. It\'s about finding people who share common
interests and those people maybe your friends they may not be your
friends but we needed a different strategy for going out than all the
strategies that we were reading about in terms of general social sites.
So it\'s a really really exciting moment for us. And the best moment of
all was when things started to grow.

[00：09：57]尽管他们对事情有很好的看法，但他们可能是错的。这是我很难接受的，因为我真的很尊敬这些人，你知道，第二个教训是，如果你真的需要钱，他们有钱，他们知道他们是唯一一个能给你钱的人，你真的没有任何影响力。你的杠杆率为零，这让你陷入了一个非常艰难的境地。你不能真正谈判2008年。他们知道这是2008年，它是一种垃圾，没有人真正使用它。除非你正确地破解了这个系统，否则你什么也做不了，除非你以某种方式扭转局面，给他们一个你应该拥有杠杆的理由，而这些原因通常是担心交易失败。或者相信这东西会很大，不管你给不给他们钱，你都会非常成功。二号对我们来说是个很难卖的案子。所以，我们以第一名的价格出售，这是一件非常重要的事情。我学到的最后一件事-这是一件特别真实的事情-当你开车上Sanho公路的时候-我不知道你们是不是走得太远了-看起来像翡翠城，但看起来就像一个没有山的滑雪小屋。就像普通的建筑。我学到的最后一件事是，人们会给你各种各样的建议，我认为接受这个建议真的很容易，因为你走进一个房间，那里就像谷歌的第一张股票证书。你也知道雅虎就像被发明了一样。好像他的人真的很聪明。但如果你看一下风险投资的回报，就会发现它相当不稳定。就像我们处在一个波动率很高的行业。我们一直对自己说的一件事，还有一件事，我真的相信，从根本上说，未来是不成文的，就像你所知道的那样，他们会做好的。所以人们可以告诉你，你应该更专业，他们可以告诉你，你在错误的市场，他们可以告诉你所有这些事情，这些事情可能是真的，你应该自己评估，但你不应该当面接受，因为它们可能是错误的。在你的脑后，你必须记住那些花了数百万美元的东西。风投投资者已经为所有挂在墙上的证书做好了准备，当所有这些事情都进行IPO时，几乎没有什么战利品。有些东西是他们传下来的，这些东西实际上把他们烧掉了。这些都是晚上困扰他们的。我认为，如果你能说服某人，你可能就是那个能够成功的人，我认为重要的是，你是否在招聘，你是否在筹集资金，你是否只需要在调整产品方面做出最后的努力。所以最终你把钱集中在一起，我们就重新开始工作了。我们正在解决相同的基本问题，我们不能迭代和改进足够快，我们在东海岸筹款。当我在外面的时候，我遇到了一个叫埃文·夏普的很棒的人。埃文当时是哥伦比亚大学的一名研究生，他正在学习建筑学。我们很合得来，埃文，保罗和我对整个困境表示同情，我们只是在想，我会很酷的去建造我们只想看到的东西，我们真正想看到的是，我们想看到世界上的一些东西。我们只是想看到有人在用什么东西。有一次有人问我，什么是我的大计划？我的大计划是什么？当我们开始创业时，我真的很高兴。我就像奶酪一样，只想去某个地方，看看他们不认识的人，用我做的东西做什么，怎样才能有用。这就是我认为非常令人兴奋的地方。所以我们想出了一些基于网络的想法，它非常简单，我们会亲自使用，那就是Pinterest。我们从做iPhone应用中吸取了教训，尽管我们对所有这些优秀的功能都有很多想法，但我们并不擅长一件事。这件事没有什么特别之处。人们谈论很多，比如最低限度可行的产品，或者什么时候你应该发货。我的建议是，当你有一件事让你感到骄傲的时候，你就应该离开。就像一件值得某人花时间的事情，我可以花你很长的时间，它可能不会花你很长的时间，但是如果你不值得他们花时间去检查，你就不会得到任何好的反馈，他们会看到它，他们会像这样的垃圾。谢谢你的反馈。重新开始。我们决定，如果我们要制作一个关于集合的网站，我们必须做得很好，我们必须让它看起来很酷。我们看起来不酷。没有人会因为他们不想向他们的朋友展示，因为他们刚刚做的这个东西看起来真的很烂，所以他们才会做一个收藏品。所以这是Pinterest的第一个版本，它在2009年11月看起来不太酷。我们开始构建基本的基础设施，并开始对它的外观进行迭代，如何使它看起来非常有趣。所以我们经历了很多版本的垂直栅格，无论是左边的NAV，右边的NAV顶部导航，不同的标志，我们一直等到我们觉得我们有了一些我们认为很酷的东西，然后我们就会给人们展示一些我们认为是有一点改进的东西。我们终于准备好发射了。我发邮件给我所有的朋友，像我的家人，我看着这件很酷的事情，我们真的很兴奋，基本上没有人回应。基本上没有反应，在所有的3000个帐户，没有活跃的用户帐户是相当糟糕的，如果你三个人积极地把它推给每一个人，他们每天认识的四个月。但是有一件事是非常积极的，那就是他们中的少数人-真的很喜欢它，而不是立即改变产品，我觉得也许我能找到更多像我这样的人。这也符合我们目前的经营策略，因为我们没有很好的工程资源。所以我们只想推销这个东西，当我们开始让媒体办公室在旧金山加速的时候，这就是我们开始做的事情。那是一家叫做稀有设备的商店。后来我们在西达尔玛又见面了，所以过了一会儿，我们都试着让它变得有趣，做些有趣的照片，我们还在网上推销它。所以我们和一位名叫维多利亚的博主进行了一次活动，她是一个很棒的女人，我们有一个名叫PinitForward的项目，每个人都会制作一个关于家对他们意味着什么的卡片，它的组织方式就像一封连锁信件，就像一个人会介绍下一个人，而每个参与者都会收到邀请其他人的邀请。真正起作用的是，我们找到了一小群对同样的事情感兴趣的人，我们向他们展示了这项服务对他们的帮助。从根本上讲，这就是Pinterest的意义所在。它是关于寻找那些有共同兴趣的人，那些人-也许是你的朋友-他们可能不是你的朋友，但我们需要一个与我们在一般社交网站上所读到的所有策略不同的外出策略。所以这对我们来说是个令人兴奋的时刻。最美好的时刻是事情开始发展的时候。

\[00:16:23\] When we went to that meet up even though we had very very
few users I distinctly remember the people hadn\'t met each other before
we\'re having real conversations. They weren\'t bullshit conversations
they were asking about things in their life so they never would have
known if they were just following each other on Twitter or if they\'re
just looking at each other\'s Facebook projects. They found people there
were saying hey how\'s the gardening project that you\'re working on.
How is your new living room. How is all that stuff going. And it felt
like that was the kernel of something really special the idea that you
could use a service online that you found out about you could go to a
physical place and you could find that same person you had a genuine
connection. A lot of people in Silicon Valley didn\'t get. And I still
don\'t know if they really get Pinterest a lot of them kind of look at
it and they said well it\'s visual it\'s not organized in real time
which was a big theme back then. It doesn\'t have a feed like it didn\'t
really make sense to them why anyone would use it. But the fact that it
made sense to someone was what really mattered to me. And I think it
ties back to what I told you guys about investors. A lot of people are
reading tech press investors read the same hacker news articles that
everyone reads there\'s now some secret special hacker news that has the
real companies that you want to invest in. They\'re reading the same
tech crunch articles they\'re getting the same data. It\'s incredibly
democratic. You have access to all the information they have access to
and that also means that just like anyone else they may be subject to
the same biases and trends in bubbles and reports that happen in the
general consumer media. At the time we were like the polar opposite of
what people wanted to see Twitter FriendFeed Facebook were these hot
companies right. Because they were real time Google was like we need to
do real time search. Everything had to be a text based feed that could
be accessed on your phone. And here we come in we\'re saying it\'s not
real time. It\'s all visual. So they\'re drawing their two by two
matrix. They\'re like this is a disaster. This is like the worst thing
that could happen. And eventually what we can tell them eventually is we
would show them real users and eventually those users where their wives
or venturer users were people they knew when they were alive. And
that\'s one of became a lot easier to get things done. So where are we
today. We live in San Francisco now. We\'ve just moved our office from
Palo Alto sadly I love Palo Alto and we\'re building out a team of
people that are really diverse. I mean I think the thing that we learned
in building the service was that our problem in distribution wasn\'t
engineering problem it was a community problem. The problem in building
the first really cool thing didn\'t happen to be anything but a design
problem. And those three things just had to work together for our kind
of business to succeed. When I came out to Google I thought man the only
way I can get this done is if I get the most brilliant graduate student
out of Stanford who doesn\'t know that he\'s invented page rank yet. Get
him into a room and we\'ll just build all this really really awesome
stuff. We call a company called Blue labs because all the cool companies
called themselves labs. We\'re like well like oh my God we\'ve got to be
labs or no one is going to want to work here because like labs companies
are really cool. And one of the most satisfying realizations is that
there are a lot of different ways to succeed. There are a lot of
different companies there are companies that don\'t raise money. There
are companies that do raise money. There are companies that go B2B their
companies that are consumer and then within Consumer there are a lot of
different things that are successful for the very simple reason that
there are a lot of different kinds of people in the world. And as much
as people want to give you advice about exactly how you should run your
startup. Exactly the strategy I think you need to trust the data you
trust the users that you have and you need to trust your own instincts
to do what you think is going to be right for your company. Pinterest
right now is a tool where we help people find their inspiration into
some people that sounds really hokey but to me the idea that we can show
people things that they want to do in their future. Help them get closer
to actually doing those things whether it\'s redecorating their home or
going on a vacation or buying a gift. And in that process inspirer
someone else is a really cool thing to be working on. And it\'s not what
we thought the site was going to do when we first launched it but it\'s
what it\'s come to be. And sometimes the product finds its purpose and
sometimes it goes the other way around. And either way is ok as long as
you get to something that people really love. Pinterest is a network. We
have millions of people that are connected through billions of objects.
It\'s the third largest source of referral traffic on the Internet. And
so in the early days when people like we don\'t need to be a technology
company. Now we have to write all of a sudden now we need folks that can
mine for data. Those people have really interesting things to do like
we\'re on that road trip like we\'re heading towards the Midwest and
turns out we had to veer the other way. And I think that adaptability to
change is really fundamental. And at the same time Pinterest is a tool
where people can do these things you can plan a vacation you can plan
cooking and recipes you can plan holiday shopping you can plan all these
things in your life. And the very last thing that\'s important to me is
that Pinterest is a team of talented people like I feel genuinely lucky
like walk into the office and work with people that are better than me
at pretty much everything I do. And I think that to me even though there
are a lot of stories told about entrepreneurs that toil alone. The best
things in the world are made by groups of people. I think when you\'re
really early on in the startup you\'re really worried about oh my gosh
like I can\'t give my equity to this person it\'s going to run out. But
it\'s the size of the total pie right. It\'s the size of how many people
can you actually build something that\'s bigger than who they are and if
you can find those people if you can find people that want to work with
you on something that\'s bigger than they are. I think that it\'s the
best investment you can make to give them ownership in what you\'re
actually building. And to me it\'s just been a really gratifying
experience to know that everyone who works with us actually owns part of
the fate of the company. So this is just people from around the office.
We obviously value collaboration that\'s kind of how the company was
founded. And so if I had two pieces of advice there are really really
simple. The first is that you should really just build something you
believe in. If you\'re going to go on a five year seven year tenure 15
year journey at least build something that you really really love
because otherwise you\'re definitely going to burn out. You\'d have to
be like the most mercenary person to give themselves 15 years and take
all this risk if you didn\'t at least loved the idea of where you\'re
going to end up. And the second is just don\'t give up. Don\'t let
somebody talk you out of your dream. And the reason that I think Startup
School is so cool is because if you look around in the room like you\'re
surrounded by all these people they really want to do what you\'re
doing. Silicon Valley is like a weird place like people always talking
about doing startups but people from all over the country they\'re from
all over the world. In those early parts of doing a startup can actually
be really lonely can just be a total bummer because you\'re toiling on
this thing. No one cares about it it\'s not getting anywhere. And
there\'s a tendency I think with a lot of people that I meet are doing
startups that are like I just need to work harder. I need to go out into
the world less. I need to turn on the lights less frequently maybe only
to sit closer to the screen. And I think that it\'s a really dangerous
game to play. There\'s a reason that I started the presentation by
showing a really good friend of mine who wasn\'t working at the company
I was but was still hanging out with us all the time. The fact that we
could get a beer and talk about hey this is really tough. This is a hard
time. Made it a lot easier in wherever you live. The great thing now is
that you can find those people like they may be in your neighborhood.
They may be online they maybe some hard to meet up but you can find
those people somewhere. And I personally think it\'s good advice to take
the time to invest in those people. So part of the reason I was so
excited to come was to me it\'s just really exciting to be in a room
full of so many people that basically want to do what I want to do. I
basically just want to build something bigger than myself that a lot of
people in the world will find useful and to be with lots of those people
just makes me happy. It gets me excited about doing what we do every
day.


[00：16：23]当我们去参加那次会议时，尽管我们的用户很少，但我清楚地记得，在我们进行真正的交谈之前，这些人还没有见过面。他们不是胡说八道，他们问的是生活中的事情，所以他们永远不会知道他们是在Twitter上互相跟踪，还是只是在看对方的Facebook项目。他们发现那里的人在问你正在做的园艺项目怎么样。你的新客厅怎么样了。一切进展如何。这感觉就像一些非常特别的东西的核心，你可以在网上使用你发现的服务，你可以去一个实体的地方，你可以找到同一个人，你有一个真正的联系。硅谷的很多人没有。我仍然不知道他们是否真的得到了Pinterest，他们中的很多人都在看它，他们说这是视觉的，它不是实时组织的，这在当时是一个很大的主题。它没有一个像它那样的提要，对他们来说没有任何意义，为什么有人会使用它。但这对某人来说是有意义的，这对我来说才是最重要的。我觉得这跟我跟你们说的关于投资者的事有关。很多人都在读科技新闻，投资者读的黑客新闻和每个人都读的一样-现在有一些秘密的特殊黑客新闻，有你想要投资的真正的公司。他们读的是同样的科技文章，他们得到的数据是一样的。它非常民主。你可以接触到他们所能接触到的所有信息，这也意味着，就像其他人一样，他们也可能受到同样的偏见和趋势的影响，泡沫和报告发生在一般的消费者媒体上。当时，我们就像人们想要看到的Twitter、FriendFeed、Facebook等热门公司的截然相反。因为它们是实时的，谷歌就像我们需要做实时搜索一样。一切都必须是基于文本的提要，可以在你的手机上访问。现在我们进来，我们说这不是实时的。都是视觉上的。所以他们在画他们的两个矩阵。他们觉得这是场灾难。这是可能发生的最糟糕的事情。最终，我们能告诉他们的是，我们会向他们展示真正的用户，以及那些他们的妻子或冒险用户是他们在世时认识的人的用户。这样做就容易多了。那么我们今天在哪里。我们现在住在旧金山。我们刚从帕洛阿尔托搬出办公室，很遗憾，我爱帕洛阿尔托，我们正在建立一个真正多样化的团队。我的意思是，我认为我们在构建服务过程中学到的是，我们在分发方面的问题不是工程问题，而是社区问题。构建第一个真正酷的东西的问题不是什么，而是一个设计问题。这三件事必须共同努力才能使我们的事业成功。当我来到谷歌的时候，我想，人类，我唯一能做到的就是，如果我能让斯坦福大学最优秀的研究生毕业，他还不知道他已经发明了网页排名。把他送进房间，我们就建这些非常棒的东西。我们称一家公司为蓝实验室，因为所有酷的公司都称自己为实验室。我们就像，哦，天啊，我们必须是实验室，否则没有人会想在这里工作，因为实验室公司真的很酷。其中一个最令人满意的认识是，成功有很多不同的方式。有很多不同的公司，有些公司不筹集资金。有些公司确实筹集资金。有些公司是B2B的，他们的公司是消费者，而在消费者内部，有很多不同的东西是成功的，原因很简单，世界上有很多不同类型的人。就像人们想要给你的建议一样，你应该如何经营你的创业公司。确切地说，我认为你需要相信你所拥有的数据，信任你拥有的用户，你需要相信你自己的直觉，去做你认为适合你公司的事情。Pinterest现在是一种工具，我们可以帮助人们在一些人身上找到灵感，但对我来说，我们可以向人们展示他们未来想要做的事情。帮助他们更接近真正做那些事情，无论是重新装修他们的家，去度假，还是买礼物。在这个过程中，激励别人是一件很酷的事情。当我们第一次推出这个网站的时候，它并不是我们所认为的那样，而是它开始的样子。有时产品会发现它的目的，有时它会反过来。任何一种方式都可以，只要你能得到人们真正喜欢的东西。Pinterest是一个网络。我们有数以百万计的人通过数十亿的物体连接起来。它是互联网上第三大推荐流量来源。因此，在早期，像我们这样的人不需要成为一家科技公司。现在，我们必须突然编写，现在我们需要能够挖掘数据的人。那些人有非常有趣的事情要做，就像我们在公路上旅行，就像我们要去中西部一样，结果我们不得不转向另一个方向。我认为适应变化是非常重要的。同时，Pinterest是一种工具，人们可以做这些事情，你可以计划一个假期，你可以计划烹饪和食谱，你可以计划假日购物，你可以计划你生活中的所有这些事情。对我来说，最不重要的是Pinterest是一个有才华的团队，就像我真的感到幸运，喜欢走进办公室，和那些在我所做的事情上都比我更好的人一起工作。对我来说，尽管有很多关于企业家的故事，但我认为这些故事都是独自劳作的。世界上最好的东西是由一群人做的。我想当你在创业初期的时候，你真的很担心哦，我的天啊，好像我不能把我的股权给这个人，它就会用完。但这是整个派的大小。它的大小，你能建造多少人，真正的东西比他们是谁，如果你能找到那些人，如果你能找到与你一起工作的人，比他们更大的事情。我认为这是你能做的最好的投资，让他们拥有你真正建造的东西。对我来说，每一个与我们一起工作的人实际上都拥有公司的一部分命运，这是一次非常令人欣慰的经历。所以这只是办公室里的人。我们显然很重视合作，这是公司成立的一种方式。所以，如果我有两条建议，那是很简单的。首先，你真的应该建立一些你相信的东西。如果你要从事5年、7年、15年的工作，至少要做一些你真正喜欢的事情，否则你肯定会筋疲力尽的。你必须成为最唯利是图的人，给自己15年的时间，并承担所有这些风险，如果你至少不喜欢你将在哪里结束的想法。第二个就是不要放弃。不要让别人说服你放弃你的梦想。我认为创业学校之所以如此酷，是因为如果你在房间里环顾四周，就像周围都是这些人，他们真的很想做你正在做的事情。硅谷就像一个奇怪的地方，人们总是谈论创业，但来自全国各地的人却来自世界各地。在创业的早期阶段，你可能真的很孤独，因为你正在为这件事操劳。没有人在乎它-它什么也没做。还有一种趋势，我认为和很多我认识的人一起做创业，就好像我需要更努力地工作。我需要减少进入这个世界。我需要更少地打开灯，也许只需要坐在离屏幕更近的地方。我认为这是一个非常危险的游戏。我在开始演讲的时候，向我的一个真正的好朋友展示了一个理由，他不是在我所在的公司工作，而是一直和我们在一起。事实上，我们可以喝杯啤酒，谈一谈嘿，这真的很难。这是个艰难的时刻。在你住的任何地方都更容易。现在最棒的事情是，你可以找到那些人，就像他们可能在你的邻居一样。他们可能在网上，他们可能会遇到一些困难，但你可以在某个地方找到这些人。我个人认为花时间投资于这些人是个好建议。所以我如此兴奋的部分原因是对我来说，在一个挤满了很多人的房间里做我想做的事情是非常令人兴奋的。我基本上只是想建立一个比我更大的东西，世界上很多人都会发现它是有用的，和很多这样的人在一起只会让我感到快乐。做我们每天都做的事让我很兴奋。
