**Hiroshi Mikitani at Startup School 2012-tF7HXJJjRvY.mp4**

*启动学校2012-tF7HXJJjRvY.mp4*

\[00:00:00\] Thank you for coming. Thank you very much for inviting so
many people. A lot of people. So maybe the start you could just tell us
a little bit about what Rocketdyne is and how you got started.

[00：00]谢谢你能来。非常感谢你邀请了这么多人。很多人。所以也许你可以先告诉我们罗克迪恩是什么以及你是如何开始的。

\[00:00:09\] OK. So I found in Iraq then in 1997 as a matter of fact you
know I was trying to partner with one of your find a program and you
know my concept was to create what we call Internet shopping mall in
Japan. It was very very arty RTD and we tried to do it was full for
viruses that didn\'t go through. So we started to hire you know young
graduate school students start it from initial capital of 200000 USD
never raise any money from NBC just hired young guys and went public in
the year 2010 started to you know by many companies. Now we\'re number
one in e-commerce about 35 to 40 percent market share in terms of
e-commerce normally online travel. Number one in online banking.

[00：00：09]好的。所以我在1997年在伊拉克发现，事实上，你知道我试图与你的一个寻找项目合作，你知道我的概念是在日本创建我们所谓的网络购物中心。这是非常艺术性的RTD，我们试图这样做，这是充分的病毒，没有经过\‘。所以我们开始雇佣，你知道，年轻的研究生院的学生从最初的200000美元开始，从来没有从NBC筹集任何资金，只是雇佣了年轻人，并且在2010年开始上市，你知道的，很多公司都知道。现在，我们在电子商务方面排名第一网上银行的第一名。

\[00:01:14\] Number two online brokerage and we do about 38 different
businesses in Japan.

[00：01：14]第二大在线经纪公司，我们在日本做了大约38个不同的业务。

\[00:01:22\] And we said to globalize our business so now we\'re in more
than 13 countries. We bought the second largest area in a company called
Corbeau which is doing extremely well in Europe and Canada and in Asia.
So we\'re a little bit different Internet company in Japan and now
trying to globalize our business.

[00：01：22]我们说要使我们的业务全球化，所以我们现在13个国家，我们在一家名为Corbeau的公司里买下了第二大区域，这家公司在欧洲、加拿大和亚洲都做得非常好，所以我们在日本的互联网公司有点不同，现在正在努力使我们的业务全球化。

\[00:01:52\] How is starting a company in Japan and growing a company in
Japan different and Silicon Valley. Well you know there is no TV venture
capital ecosystem.

[00：01：52]如何在日本创办一家公司，在日本发展一家不同的硅谷的公司。你知道没有电视风险投资生态系统。

\[00:02:05\] There are venture capitalists but not like you know you
know a single but a type of food service. They will invest but not much.
They will not get involved into the management that much. So just kind
of providing the capital.

[00：02：05]有风险资本家，但不像你所知道的那样，只有一种食品服务。他们会投资但不多。他们不会那么介入管理的。所以只是提供资金。

\[00:02:27\] So how did you learn the lessons that seasoned Silicon
Valley tradition traditionally help entrepreneurs with. How did you
learn how to run a company and grow it.

[00：02：27]那么，你是如何学到经验丰富的硅谷传统帮助企业家的呢？你是如何学会如何经营和成长一家公司的。

\[00:02:35\] I don\'t know how she bases are helping these venture
companies because I haven\'t never experienced the way I\'ve a game.

我不知道她是如何帮助这些风险公司的，因为我从来没有经历过这样的游戏。

\[00:02:44\] I find it happening with my own.

[00：02：44]我发现它发生在我自己的身上。

\[00:02:47\] You know the money initial capital was just 200000 USD. But
since I knew that I\'m not going to be funded a huge amount from ABC I
create it sort of cash flow system so that I don\'t need to read I on
NBC. We ask our merchant to pay 500 dollars per month but we ask them to
pay us six months upfront.

[00：02：47]你知道最初的资金只有200000美元。但由于我知道我不会从ABC获得巨额资金，所以我创建了一种现金流系统，这样我就不需要在NBC上读到我了。我们要求我们的商人每月支付500美元，但我们要求他们提前六个月支付我们。

\[00:03:17\] So from the second months of our service at my company it
was cash flow positive cash flow through every month and it was just
very impressive.

[00：03：17]所以从我们在我公司服务的第二个月开始，我们每个月的现金流都是正的，这是非常令人印象深刻的。

\[00:03:32\] Looking back to that first year you know when you were sort
of becoming cash flow positive very quickly and figuring this out as you
went. Are there any things that stick out that you would do differently.
Well so ongoing.

[00：03：32]回顾第一年，你知道，当你很快变成现金流正的时候，你就会明白这一点。有没有什么特别的事情你会以不同的方式去做。还在继续。

\[00:03:46\] We never raised any money from outside we raise later on
from friends and families and we didn\'t need any money but it was kind
of just you know for the friendship sake I want to make my family and my
friends happy.

[00：03：46]我们从来没有从外面筹集过钱，后来我们从朋友和家人那里筹到了钱，我们不需要任何钱，但为了友谊，我想让我的家人和朋友开心。

\[00:04:05\] How far along were you when you about friends and family
around. No there was like six months before we go public.

[00：04：05]当你谈论朋友和家人的时候，你走了多远？不，在我们上市前的六个月。

\[00:04:15\] Two days before our IPO my friend must solve Softbank call
me and ask me to let him in. But I said it\'s too late.

[00：04：15]在我们首次公开募股前两天，我的朋友必须解决软银的问题，打电话给我，让我让他进来。但我说现在太晚了。

\[00:04:27\] Well we were very patient.

[00：04：27]我们很有耐心。

\[00:04:30\] To be honest we were a very patient for the first two years
and tried to be create the you know Connell of our business model.

[00：04：30]老实说，我们在头两年非常有耐心，并试图创造我们的商业模式的“你知道的康奈尔”。

\[00:04:42\] So we\'re not trying to compete with the modelAmazon.com or
eBay. We\'re trying to create a great system to support medium to small
sized merchant to sell their product all over Japan. So we really tried
to create an extremely strong culture of the company because I knew that
I\'m going to be in this business for a long long time. So we didn\'t
rush really we were very patient.

[00：04：42]所以我们不想和亚马逊(Amazon.com)或eBay竞争。我们试图创建一个伟大的系统，支持中小型商家在日本各地销售他们的产品。因此，我们真的试图为公司创造一种极其强大的文化，因为我知道我将在这一行工作很长一段时间。所以我们没有着急，我们真的很有耐心。

\[00:05:12\] Did you figure out that kernel on the first try did you get
right. The thing that made Rocketdyne what it is the first try did you
have to iterate and evolve to get.

[00：05：12]你在第一次尝试时就知道内核是正确的吗？让Rocketdyne-它是第一次尝试-的东西，你必须经过迭代和进化才能得到。

\[00:05:19\] Well one thing we did differently from most of space
e-commerce company is we try to facilitate communication between the
merchants and the consumers because the way I feel is of course you know
buying products Price is important. Efficiency is important but more
than that in my opinion by being you know should be fun. And no we need
to create a rich experience. So we try to be a liason between the
consumer and the retailer instead of trying to compete against the
retailer using the idea we want to use our technology to help small to
medium size enterprise do business with consumers. So that was totally
different idea and I was 100 percent confident my employees will really
like the idea of helping small medium size companies rather than trying
to destroy their business.

[00：05：19]我们所做的与大多数太空电子商务公司不同的是，我们试图促进商家和消费者之间的沟通，因为我的感觉是，你当然知道购买产品的价格是很重要的。效率是很重要的，但在我看来更重要的是成为你知道应该是有趣的。不，我们需要创造一个丰富的经验。因此，我们试图成为消费者和零售商之间的负担，而不是试图与零售商竞争，使用我们希望利用我们的技术帮助中小型企业与消费者做生意的想法。所以这是完全不同的想法，我百分之百地相信我的员工真的会喜欢帮助中小型公司的想法，而不是试图摧毁他们的业务。

\[00:06:24\] So I mean as you said this is very different than anyone
else was doing in e-commerce at the time really still is. Did you know
that that was going to be the model you\'re going after before you
started the company was that we were you convinced that this was what
you were going to do differently.

[00：06：24]所以我的意思是，正如你所说的，这与当时在电子商务中所做的非常不同。你知道吗，在你创立公司之前，你所追求的模式是，我们确信这就是你要做的不同的事情。

\[00:06:38\] We didn\'t think about how we would do it differently but
we know what we wanted to do. I always don\'t think about our
competitors much because you know you cannot do too many things about
Atabay you just need to focus on what you do to improve your service and
improve customer satisfaction.

[00：06：38]我们没有想过我们会怎么做，但我们知道我们想做什么。我总是不太关心我们的竞争对手，因为你知道你不能对阿泰做太多事情，你只需要专注于你做什么来改善你的服务和提高客户满意度。

\[00:06:57\] I think that\'s part of the nature of Japanese companies
keep improving improving improving.

[00：06：57]我认为日本公司的部分性质在不断改进。

\[00:07:05\] How did you grow both in the early days when you were
signing up these small and medium businesses that you wanted to help and
then in the later days obviously you made a lot of acquisitions that
helped drive growth. Could you just talk about how you figure out growth
along the way.

[00：07：05]你是如何成长的？在早期，当你注册这些你想帮助的中小型企业的时候，很明显，在后来的日子里，你进行了大量的收购，帮助了经济的增长。你能不能谈谈你是如何计算出一路上的增长的。

\[00:07:19\] Well first we have organic growth and we buy many companies
in domestically and internationally domestically. We created three
things one great great brand by the way we have a professional baseball
ruffling egos. And so everybody knows racketing brand even if you don\'t
even use internet they know raft and brand we host a TV found tennis
tournament. So we have an extremely strong brand too. We created the
strongest Mindich award program caught up in Sipple points so we can use
those points to cross-sell our services and we also created the sort of
the consumer database to analyze consumer data and now about eight 80
million.

[00：07：19]首先，我们有了有机的增长，我们在国内和国际上收购了许多公司。我们创造了三件事，一个伟大的品牌，通过我们的方式，我们有一个职业棒球，愤怒的自我。所以，每个人都知道球拍品牌，即使你不使用互联网，他们也知道，我们主持了一场电视转播网球锦标赛。所以我们也有一个非常强大的品牌。我们创造了一个最强大的Mindich奖项目，它被困在Sipple积分中，所以我们可以利用这些积分交叉销售我们的服务，我们还创建了消费者数据库来分析消费者数据，现在大约有8.8亿。

\[00:08:12\] So about 90 percent of Internet operations are member we
can use our currency points to cross-sell various services through them
back to the topic of acquisitions.

[00：08：12]因此，大约90%的互联网运营是会员，我们可以使用我们的货币点交叉销售各种服务，通过他们回到收购的主题。

\[00:08:27\] What do you look for when you make an acquisition and how
do you integrate into the company into or 10 so that you\'re all one
company together.

[00：08：27]当你进行收购的时候，你会寻找什么？你如何融入公司，或者10，使你成为一家公司。

\[00:08:34\] So there\'s two types of acquisitions we make. One is
purely geographic expansion to buy a time. So we bought thatBuy.com in
theU.S. played com UK prime minister in France and we try to use their
presence in brand name and their presence and convert their business
model to lock them model. The second type is addition to our ecosystem
very chain like COBOL which is not doing as well as in other countries
but they\'re very strong. They have now more market share in Canada and
in France and Japan.

[00：08：34]所以我们有两种类型的收购。一个是纯粹的地域扩张来争取时间。所以我们在美国买下了Buy.com，在法国玩了com，英国首相，我们试图利用他们的存在品牌和他们的存在，并转换他们的商业模式锁定他们的模式。第二类是添加到我们的生态系统，像COBOL一样，它做得不如其他国家那么好，但它们非常强大。它们现在加拿大、法国和日本拥有更多的市场份额。

\[00:09:20\] So we need. We knew that we need a digital books service in
our sort of product line up so we know that we can use our membership to
facilitate the growth of COBOL business.

[00：09：20]所以我们需要。我们知道，我们需要一个数字图书服务，在我们的产品线，所以我们知道，我们可以利用我们的会员，以促进COBOL业务的发展。

\[00:09:39\] So there is two types geographic expansion and to buy a
time and those who addition to our ecosystem.

[00：09：39]所以有两种类型的地域扩张，一种是为了赢得时间，另一种是为了增加我们的生态系统。

\[00:09:47\] And then once you make these acquisitions how do you
integrate them into the culture of architecture mission practice and
value.

[00：09：47]然后一旦你进行了这些收购，你如何将它们融入建筑文化、使命、实践和价值之中。

\[00:09:57\] So before buying a company we talk about our dream and goal
and culture and talk over and over and over again before we make
acquisitions. If they don\'t like our culture or our practice or our
mission we\'re not going to buy even if you like their service because
it doesn\'t make sense to lose the founders and the management of the
company. So we talk over before the closure of the deal. We talk a lot
about those kind of things.

所以，在收购一家公司之前，我们先谈谈自己的梦想、目标和文化，然后再一次又一次地谈一遍又一遍，然后再进行收购。如果他们不喜欢我们的文化、我们的实践或我们的使命，即使你喜欢他们的服务，我们也不会购买，因为失去公司的创始人和管理层是没有意义的。所以我们在交易结束前讨论过。我们谈论了很多类似的事情。

\[00:10:27\] And what\'s your success rate for acquisitions in terms of
good integration on those points.

[00：10：27]在这些方面，你的收购成功率是多少？

\[00:10:33\] Oh it\'s difficult.

[00：10：33]哦，这很难。

\[00:10:36\] I don\'t know but there\'s still no one you know only one
fada we made was we went into China partnering with supply which is the
largest search engine company in China but it didn\'t work out well. So
you know we discussed with them and agreed that we should shut the
business now and we withdrew from China yet year ago.

[00：10：36]我不知道，但仍然没有人，你知道，我们做的只有一件事，那就是我们与中国最大的搜索引擎公司-供应公司合作进入中国，但结果并不顺利。所以你知道，我们和他们讨论过了，同意我们现在就关闭业务，然后我们在一年前就退出了中国。

\[00:11:00\] So there is the on the you know the big Vedia I recognize
at this moment even more than the sort of the cultural ideas you\'ve
talked about.

[00：11：00]现在我认识的那个大维迪亚，比你所说的那种文化观念更重要。

\[00:11:16\] You know one thing that I just heard again and again and
that Rockton is known for having having a great culture. Could you talk
about how you\'ve held that culture all the way through for the last 15
years as you said. How do you think about the culture the company needs
to be to be successful needs to have to be successful.

[00：11：16]你知道我刚刚听到的一件事，那就是罗克顿以拥有伟大的文化而闻名。你能不能像你说的那样，在过去的15年里一直坚持这种文化？你怎么看待公司需要成功的文化？要想成功就必须要成功。

\[00:11:31\] So in my opinion you need to have two things. One is of
course innovation and the second part is operation and innovation is
kind of not so difficult to encourage people to be innovative but at the
same time if you want a scale you business you need to have a strong
operation culture as well and you wanted to achieve strong operational
culture.

[00：11：31]在我看来，你需要有两件事。一个当然是创新，第二个部分是运营和创新，鼓励人们创新并不难，但同时，如果你想要一个规模，你的业务，你需要有一个强大的经营文化以及你想要实现强大的经营文化。

\[00:11:58\] You need to have sort of these shared practices and the
idea is kind of the framework for managing the company may mean using
more numbers and keep your eyes more. Most likely the entrepreneurs who
don\'t like you know just running the numbers but I think be quantitive
and any frequentative is also very important.

[00：11：58]你需要有一些共享的实践，而这种管理公司的框架可能意味着使用更多的数字，更多地关注你的眼睛。最有可能的是，那些不喜欢你的企业家只会计算数字，但我认为量化和任何频率都是非常重要的。

\[00:12:31\] So recently you invested in Pinterest. Can you talk a
little bit about how that came together and what you see in Pinterest
and how you hope that relationship is going to evolve.

[00：12：31]你最近投资了Pinterest。你能谈谈它是如何结合在一起的，你在Pinterest中看到了什么，以及你希望这种关系将如何发展。

\[00:12:41\] Well I think Pinterest spoke or just had a phone call with
him and I think he was great. He\'s great. We like the company and I
think Pinterest is very different from other social networks. It\'s very
you know graphical and appeals to the heart of your interest and has a
strong influence over to buying behavior and buying the shoes of the
people. So as an e-commerce company I think Pinterest is the best social
network. So we found Pinterest and I had a meeting with Ben Dring in
Cairo.

[00：12：41]我想Pinterest和他通了电话，我觉得他很棒。他很棒。我们喜欢这家公司，我认为Pinterest和其他社交网络很不一样。它非常熟悉图形化，对你兴趣的核心很有吸引力，在购买行为和购买人们的鞋子方面有很强的影响力。所以作为一家电子商务公司，我认为Pinterest是最好的社交网络。所以我们找到了Pinterest，我在开罗和Ben Dring举行了一次会议。

\[00:13:18\] And he liked me. He let us in.

[00：13：18]他喜欢我。他让我们进去的。

\[00:13:27\] What I think maybe you should ask them.

[00：13：27]我认为也许你该问他们些什么。

\[00:13:30\] But he he still I think he had seen something different in
us you know compared with otherU.S. based Internet companies so if he
says I will ask him what do you see as the big challenges and the
opportunities in retail and e-commerce coming down over the next few
years.

[00：13：30]但是他仍然我认为他在我们身上看到了一些与其他美国互联网公司不同的东西，所以如果他说我会问他，你认为未来几年零售业和电子商务面临的巨大挑战和机遇是什么？

\[00:13:50\] Of course you know I think this is to the siege stage one
for e-commerce. Now we are seeing lots of decent content sales so they
bookC.D DVD games everything will be digital and online Difford into the
logistics will become more and more important. And there are lots of
innovative logistics company you know using robots and automation to you
know improve the efficiency and also the devices the mobile phones
smartphones. The tablet will become the major device to buy products and
maybe there will be a sort of social. I think these social shopping is
still Milbury fine. The strong answer to it.

[00：13：50]你当然知道，我认为这是电子商务的第一阶段。现在我们看到了很多像样的内容销售，所以他们的书，D，DVD，游戏，一切都将数字化和线上，迪福德的物流将变得越来越重要。有很多创新的物流公司，你知道，使用机器人和自动化，你知道，提高效率，也提高设备，移动电话，智能手机。平板电脑将成为购买产品的主要设备，也许还会有一种社交功能。我觉得这些社交购物还是不错的。对此的有力回答。

\[00:14:46\] But I think in the future it will call for social shopping
or anything else. Are there major ways you identified the Japanese
consumers behave differently than consumers anywhere else in the world.

[00：14：46]但我认为，在未来，它将需要社交购物或其他任何东西。你是否认为日本消费者的行为方式与世界上其他地方的消费者不同？

\[00:14:57\] Well Knapton is what I call a shopper centric marketplace
meaning that every shop has a very different characters and so the
design and the user experience and we provide all sorts of tools for
them to make fans around shop.

[00：14：57]我称之为以顾客为中心的市场，这意味着每一家商店都有非常不同的特征，所以设计和用户体验，我们提供了各种各样的工具，让他们在商店周围成为粉丝。

\[00:15:21\] So I think Rapidan was very social from day one. We try to
create a fans around shops not our own rocket and still that JP the fans
around shops and all these shops as well you know professional staff and
they are the sort of curator of wines or sports goods or you know
groceries and so forth.

[00：15：21]所以我认为Rapidan从第一天起就很喜欢社交。我们试着在商店周围创造一个粉丝，而不是我们自己的火箭，仍然是JP，商店周围的粉丝，以及所有这些商店，你知道专业的工作人员，他们是葡萄酒或体育用品的策展人，或者你知道杂货等等。

\[00:15:43\] So I think my question is if you want to buy some product
do you want to ask your friend or do you want to ask the staff at the
pro shop and my. Of course sometimes your friend is can give you a bit
of advice then staff at the brushoff but most time you know I think you
should ask professionals. So that was our approach and I think it worked
extremely well in Japan and now we\'re testing in other countries and I
think it\'s it\'s working very well as well.

我想我的问题是，如果你想买一些产品，你想问你的朋友还是问我和专卖店的员工。当然，有时你的朋友是可以给你一点建议，然后在工作人员在布鲁霍夫，但大多数时候，你知道，我认为你应该问专业人士。这就是我们的方法，我认为它在日本非常有效，现在我们正在其他国家进行测试，我认为它也非常有效。

\[00:16:19\] Can you talk you talked a little bit about mobile and
tablets but obviously in Japan that\'s become a huge way that people are
probably even bigger than here where it seems like own right on the
phone all the time. How much are you thinking about mobile and how
you\'re thinking about mobile as sort of the future of the company.

[00：16：19]你能谈谈吗？你说了一点关于移动和平板电脑的话题，但很明显，在日本，这已经成为一种巨大的方式，人们可能比这里的人更大，在这里，手机似乎一直都是你自己的权利。你对手机有多少想法，你是如何看待移动作为公司未来的一种方式。

\[00:16:34\] Well already 25 percent of Rockton transaction which is
big. We do about 15 billion USD or even more this year just for pure
e-commerce in Japan and already 25 percent of actually is coming from
mobile devices including future Volhynia smartphone. Maybe a 60 percent
smartphone 40 percent feature phone and smartphone transaction is
growing about 300 to 400 percent year on year. So it will be more than
50 percent in a couple of years.

[00：16：34]已经有25%的罗克顿交易，这是很大的。我们今年做了大约150亿美元，甚至更多，仅仅是为了在日本的纯电子商务，已经有25%的实际来自移动设备，包括未来的Volhynia智能手机。也许60%的智能手机，40%的功能手机和智能手机的交易比去年同期增长了300%到400%。因此，在未来几年内，这一比例将超过50%。

\[00:17:12\] It\'s

[00：17：12]

\[00:17:12\] huge.

[00：17：12]巨大。

\[00:17:14\] That is huge. You said something earlier that was so
interesting to me I made a note to go back to it which is that you
don\'t think a lot about competition because you can\'t do much about
that. One thing that I hear from startups all the time is Fearby
competition. So when you were starting the company and Amazon and eBay
were were huge. Was that a problem for you. Did people ask you what are
you going to do about Amazon and eBay. You know how are you going to
beat them how you can be with them and how do you think about sort of
how did you stay focused on doing your own thing and ignoring
competition.

[00：17：14]那是巨大的。你之前说了些我很感兴趣的话，我做了个笔记，让我回顾一下，那就是你对竞争并不怎么想，因为你对此无能为力。我从初创公司一直听到的一件事是恐惧的竞争。所以，当你开始创业的时候，亚马逊和eBay都是大公司。这对你来说是个问题吗。人们有没有问过你，你打算对亚马逊和eBay做些什么？你知道如何打败他们，如何和他们在一起，你如何思考，你是如何专注于做自己的事情，忽视竞争的。

\[00:17:46\] Well let me put it I learn from the competitors but I\'m
not afraid of competitors because even if you are afraid of it doesn\'t
do any good for you. I learned what they\'re doing and then maybe you
know try to match if I have to.

让我说一句，我从竞争对手那里学到东西，但我不怕竞争对手，因为即使你害怕它对你没有任何好处。我知道了他们在做什么，然后如果我需要的话，也许你知道试着去匹配。

\[00:18:05\] But I think the the way we approach e-commerce is totally
different fromAmazon.com because again we try to facilitate the
transaction is medium to small margins to the larger ones to the
consumers. As a consequence you know we have big brands almost old
department store as big a big fashion brands almost entire Tahnee
companies are using our platform. And that\'s a major portion of our
business but approaches to how to help small to medium size merchants to
do business with consumers. So.

[00：18：05]但我认为我们对待电子商务的方式与Amazon.com完全不同，因为我们再一次试图促进交易，对于消费者来说，这是中到小的利润。因此，你知道，我们有大品牌，几乎是旧百货商店，大时尚品牌，几乎整个塔尼公司都在使用我们的平台。这是我们业务的一个主要部分，但我们将如何帮助中小型商家与消费者做生意。所以。

\[00:18:52\] I think we have a philosophical difference between
ourselves andAmazon.com So I\'m not very afraid of them but I\'m always
thinking about how we can scale.

[00：18：52]我认为我们和Amazon.com之间有一个哲学上的区别，所以我不太害怕他们，但我总是在想我们如何扩大规模。

\[00:19:03\] Our business holding on time but the way I see what\'s so
interesting here we\'re talking a little bit backstage about just sort
of Japanese culture and the differences between starting a startup here
and we talk about investing. Could you talk about hiring and how you
hired the initial people and especially in a culture where joining a
startup is not as cool as it was making it now as it is in the valley.

[00：19：03]我们的业务准时举行，但在我看来，这里很有趣的是，我们在后台谈论的只是一种日本文化，以及在这里创业和我们谈论投资的不同之处。你能谈谈招聘以及你如何雇佣最初的员工吗？尤其是在这样一个文化中，加入一家初创公司并不像现在硅谷那样酷。

\[00:19:32\] Well now of course it\'s different from 50 years ago when I
started a company you know nobody wanted to work for small startups but
now they have seen many successes and there are so many young people who
want to work for the startups and ventures and so forth.

[00：19：32]现在，当然了，这和50年前我开了一家公司是不一样的。你知道，没有人想为小型创业公司工作，但现在他们已经取得了很多成功，有那么多年轻人想为创业公司工作，等等。

\[00:19:56\] I think the way I mean hiring younger people and not to
higher the mid to upper age people as much as possible because I knew
that we wanted to embrace our older you know corporate culture.

[00：19：56]我认为我的意思是雇佣更年轻的人，而不是尽可能多地雇用中上层的人，因为我知道我们想拥抱我们的老年企业文化。

\[00:20:16\] So it was very important for me to hire young people and
educate them especially in 90 days after we went public. We started to
hire many Lobethal gray gray hair people and you know because we need
that we need more professional expertise. And two and a half years ago
we announced that we are going to convert dunnhumby Kishen language from
Japanese to English.

[00：20：16]所以，在我们上市后的90天里，雇用和教育年轻人对我来说是非常重要的。我们开始雇佣许多Lobethal白发人，你知道，因为我们需要更多的专业知识。两年半前，我们宣布，我们将把敦恩姆比·基申语从日语转换成英语。

\[00:20:42\] And this was a big splash in the Japanese society and some
CEOs that you know you know explicitly announce that we are crazy
company as we are but now 70 percent of new engineers joining us are no
Japanese. 30 percent of the new employees are not Japanese so we had to
equal mobilizing our recruitment.

[00：20：42]这是日本社会的一大轰动，一些CEO明确宣布我们是疯狂的公司，但现在加入我们的新工程师中有70%不是日本人。30%的新员工不是日本人，所以我们不得不平等地调动我们的招聘人员。

\[00:21:08\] Mark Zuckerberg a few years ago made a comment about hiring
young people preferentially and it was all that the press talked about
for two weeks so maybe you\'ll be featured a lot.

马克·扎克伯格几年前发表了一条关于优先雇用年轻人的评论，媒体在两周里一直在谈论这个问题，所以你可能会经常被报道。

\[00:21:18\] Now I\'m talking alone.

[00：21：18]我现在一个人说话。

\[00:21:22\] Why did you make that decision to make English the official
language of the company. Well so the thing I have done in Japan is each
side to create an open culture company so we disclose almost all
information to entire employees. So we\'re the people who is doing
e-commerce know what\'s going on for our banking business. And we of
course share all these expertise and platforms as much as possible you
know web marketing engineering and so forth and so forth. So that was
our strengths. How common is that for Japanese companies to do to share
everything openly. Well sharing the opening up is very common and we
call this Yohko then meaning a horizontal transfer of expertise.

[00：21：22]为什么你决定把英语作为公司的官方语言。那么，我在日本所做的事情是，每一方都创建一个开放的文化公司，所以我们向全体员工披露了几乎所有的信息。所以，我们是从事电子商务的人，我们知道我们的银行业务正在发生什么。当然，我们也尽可能多地分享这些专业知识和平台，比如网络营销、工程等等。这就是我们的优势所在。日本公司公开分享一切是多么普遍。分享开放是非常普遍的，我们称之为Yohko，意思是横向转移专业知识。

\[00:22:12\] I think this is one of the strengths of Japanese company
because it\'s not good or bad. It\'s not performance oriented Nevius
system. And I wanted to do this globally but I couldn\'t because most of
the expertise is in Japan and our most of our stuff cannot communicate
in English.

[00：22：12]我认为这是日本公司的优势之一，因为它不是好的或坏的。它不是以性能为导向的Nevius系统。我想在全球范围内这样做，但我做不到，因为大部分的专业知识都在日本，我们大部分的东西都不能用英语进行交流。

\[00:22:34\] So you know I was kind of a liason between our global
business and Japanese business and that was getting me tired just know
talking you know and being Shazli doing everything. And so one day I
woke up and thought about everything in English. And so I stood in front
of entire Simonson\'s employees and told them I\'m going to convert the.
Show business language show adopting from Japanese to English.

[00：22：34]所以你知道，我对我们的全球业务和日本业务有点说三道四，这让我很累，只知道说话，你知道，沙兹利什么事都做。所以有一天，我醒来，用英语思考每一件事。于是，我站在西蒙森全体员工面前，告诉他们，我将把从日语到英语的商业语言秀进行转换。

\[00:23:05\] What was the reaction in that room.

[00：23：05]那个房间里有什么反应？

\[00:23:06\] It was a very quiet very quiet but as told that he changed
the score of employees improve almost 200 points for the last two years
what\'s called an English test. And most of the staff can manage to
communicate in English. They\'re afraid of going abroad or joining the
international conference. Now we have so many people you know known
Japanese foreigners in Tokyo office and now they starting to benchmark
international players instead of domestic players so they changed.

[00：23：06]这是一个非常安静的过程，但当他被告知，在过去两年里，他改变了员工的分数，提高了将近200分，这就是所谓的英语考试。大多数员工都能用英语进行交流。他们害怕出国或参加国际会议。现在我们有很多人，你们知道，日本人在东京办事处，现在他们开始测试国际球员，而不是国内球员，所以他们改变了。

\[00:23:50\] That\'s great. One last question. We were talking backstage
and the last time that Paul and Mickey met was 16 or 17 years ago when
Paul was working on the web. So Paul loves to ask people these what was
someone like the first time you met them.

太棒了。最后一个问题。我们在后台交谈，保罗和米奇最后一次见面是在16或17年前保罗在网上工作的时候。所以保罗喜欢问这些人你第一次遇到他们时是什么样的人。

\[00:24:06\] So finally we get asked what program is like.

[00：24：06]最后，我们被问到程序是什么样子的。

\[00:24:10\] So it\'s a reading the Harvard Business School case so
initially I went after I left my bank I started sort of a business
consulting firm and I was looking for something new to do. And you know
I came up with the internet shopping idea and one of my classmate hovers
at school call me Mickey you needed look at this company it\'s called
bio web and it\'s my friend\'s company. So I went viaWeb.com and look at
me like that next day. I put the economy class airplane ticket and flew
over to Boston and I went for. And it was five people company. And we
kind of as we said we\'re going to do things together but the last
minute Paul was supposed to come over to Japan at the airport. He found
out that his passport has expired.

[00：24：10]这是在阅读哈佛商学院(Harvard Business School)的案例，所以一开始我离开银行后，我创办了一家商业咨询公司，我在寻找新的工作。你知道，我想出了一个网上购物的点子，我的一个同学在学校里闲逛，叫我米奇，你需要看看这家公司，它叫做生物网络，它是我朋友的公司。于是我去了viaWeb.com，第二天就这样看着我。我把经济舱的机票寄到波士顿去了。是五人公司。就像我们说的那样，我们要一起做一些事情，但是最后一分钟保罗应该在机场来日本。他发现他的护照过期了。

\[00:25:08\] And somehow the deal didn\'t go through. So I feel that was
really the first moment I fell.

[00：25：08]而这桩交易却以某种方式没有通过，所以我觉得那是我第一次失败。

\[00:25:18\] I met the tudi strong entrepreneur and I feel the
excitement and energy in Paul and he and his team.

[00：25：18]我遇到了图迪强大的企业家，我感受到保罗和他的团队的兴奋和活力。

\[00:25:29\] That was great note and thank you very much. Thank you.


[00：25：29]那是很棒的笔记，非常感谢你。谢谢。

