**Jessica Livingston at Startup School 2012-KQJ6zsNCA-4.mp4**

*2012年创业学校的杰西卡·利文斯顿-KQJ6zsNCA-4.mp4*

\[00:00:00\] Hi everyone. So believe this year I can\'t believe we have
this team of people in the back helping. There\'s real chairs. Look how
many seats there are.

[00：00]大家好。所以，相信今年，我不能相信我们有一队人在后面帮忙。那里有真正的椅子。看看有多少个座位。

\[00:00:12\] This is so exciting. I\'m Jessica Livingston. I\'m one of
the founders of Y Combinator and it\'s been more than seven years since
we started ricey. And in that time we\'ve funded 467 startups so I\'ve
seen a lot of pattern. I was a little nervous back there so thanks.
There\'s a talk I always want to give at the beginning of each batch
warning everyone about stuff that I know is probably going to happen to
them. I finally wrote down my thoughts and I\'m going to share it with
you today. So we all know that lots of smart and talented people start
startups on the left side. There you see huge numbers of startups
getting started. And yet if you look at the other side a few years later
there\'s actually only a handful of startups that are big successes.
What\'s happening in the middle there that\'s causing such failure.
It\'s like there\'s a tunnel full of monsters that kill them along the
way. And I just want to thank Mineau monsters for providing me these
fabulous cartoon monsters. So I\'m gonna tell you about these monsters
today so you can know how to avoid them in general. Your best weapon
against these monsters is determination and even though we usually use
one word for it determination is really two separate things. It\'s
resilience and drive resilience keeps you from being pushed backwards
and drive makes you go forwards. One reason you need resilience in a
startup is that you\'re going to get rejected a lot. Even the most
famous startups had a surprising amount of rejection early on. Everyone
you encounter will have doubts about what you are doing whether it\'s
investors potential employees reporters your family and friends. What
you don\'t realize until you start a startup is how much external
validation you\'ve gotten for the conservative choices you\'ve made in
the past. You go to college and everyone says great you graduate and get
a job at Google and everyone says Great. Well what do you think happens
when you quit your job to start a company to rent out air beds. This is
air Beinn BS Web site. When they first launched in 2007. I mean look up
there were they explain what they do it says to designers create a new
way to connect the idea say conference I\'ve never even heard of that
conference. And over on the left it says Lyster air bed.

[00：00：12]这太令人兴奋了。我是杰西卡·利文斯顿。我是Y Combinator的创始人之一，自从我们创办ricey以来已经有7年多了。在这段时间里，我们资助了467家初创公司，所以我看到了很多模式。我刚才有点紧张所以谢谢。我总是想在每一批开始的时候做一次演讲，警告每个人我知道可能会发生在他们身上的事情。我终于写下了我的想法，今天我将和你分享。所以我们都知道很多聪明有才华的人都是从左边开始创业的。在这里，你可以看到大量的初创企业正在起步。然而，如果你看另一面，几年后，实际上只有少数几家初创企业取得了巨大的成功。在中间发生了什么，导致了这样的失败。就像在路上有一条满是怪物的隧道一样。我只想感谢米诺怪物为我提供了这些神奇的卡通怪物。所以我今天要告诉你关于这些怪物的事，这样你就可以知道如何避开它们了。你对付这些怪物的最好武器是决心，即使我们通常用一个词来形容它，决心实际上是两件事。它的弹性和驾驶弹性，防止你被推后，驱动使你前进。你在创业中需要弹性的一个原因是你会被很多人拒绝。即使是最著名的初创公司也在一开始就遭到了令人惊讶的拒绝。你遇到的每个人都会怀疑你在做什么，不管是投资者、潜在雇员、记者、家人和朋友。除非你创业，否则你不会意识到的是，你在过去所做的保守选择中得到了多少外部验证。你上了大学，每个人都说你很棒，你毕业后在谷歌找到了一份工作，每个人都说你很棒。那么，当你辞去工作，开始一家公司出租空气床时，你认为会发生什么呢？这是AIR Beinn BS网站。当他们在2007年第一次发射的时候。我的意思是，看看那里，他们解释了他们做了什么，对设计师说，创造一种新的方式来连接这个想法，比如说会议，我从来没有听说过那个会议。左边写着Lyster空气床。

\[00:02:57\] Beds. I mean it\'s unbelievable.

[00：02：57]床。我是说这太难以置信了。

\[00:02:59\] This is not the sort of thing that you get a lot of
external validation for. Almost everyone is more impressed when you get
a job at Google than if you make a Web site for people to rent out air
beds for conferences. And yet this is one of the most successful
startups. So even if you\'re Airbnb Inbee you\'re gonna start out
looking like an ugly duckling to most people. Here are the Airbnb Inbee
founders when they did Y C back in early 2009. And at this point they\'d
already endured tons of rejection. You should check out Brian\'s talk
from the 2010 Startup School it\'s a very inspirational story but by the
time they came to us they had maxed out their credit cards. They were
eating leftover Captain McCain\'s cereal. They were at the end of their
rope and everyone thought their idea was crazy. And I actually didn\'t.
But they knew they were on to something. And during Lycee they made some
key changes to their site. They talk to users. They set their goals and
they measured everything and the graph started to go up. Remember the
new ideas usually seem crazy at first but if you have a good idea and
you execute well everyone will see it eventually. We funded Eric
Makowski about two years ago when he was working on impulse the
predecessor to the Pebble Watch. Eric was a single founder and these
watches there have something in common. That terrifies investors. Their
hardware. Poor Eric had a really hard time getting funding no one wanted
to fund the hardware company. He met with more than like 30 investors
who all said things like I love the idea but I can\'t fund a hardware
company. Some claim they just didn\'t fund hardware companies as a rule.
Others said that there are too many capital expenses upfront. They all
said no when he showed them the concept but he\'d been building the
pebble based on all this user feedback from impulse and he felt strongly
that people wanted this product. So I remember he talked to Paul and
they agreed he should just give up investors and put it on Kickstarter.
His original goal was to raise a hundred thousand dollars to make a
thousand watches and instead of a hundred thousand dollars pebble raised
ten point two million dollars in 30 days the largest amount of money
ever on Kickstarter. Even a Y Combinator got rejected when we first
started. This here is our first batch. Sitting at dinner in Cambridge
Massachusetts back in 0 5. Now there are lots of organizations doing
what we do. But trust me when we first started people thought we were
crazy or just stupid. Even our own lawyers tried to talk us out of it.
But eight teams of founders took a chance on Y Combinator and moved to
Cambridge and got their twelve thousand dollars per team. And I think
they tell you they had a really great experience. We too knew we were
onto something interesting. So we focused on making something that a few
people loved and we just expanded slowly from there. But it was a slow
process when we came out to Silicon Valley in the winter of 06. We
hardly knew anyone so we decided we\'d focus on meeting new investors to
convince them to come to demo day.

[00：02：59]这不是你得到大量外部验证的那种东西。当你在谷歌找到一份工作时，几乎每个人都会给人留下更深刻的印象。然而，这是最成功的创业公司之一。所以，即使你是Airbnb In蜜蜂，对大多数人来说，你也会看起来像只丑小鸭。这里是Airbnb In蜜蜂的创始人，他们在2009年初做YC的时候。在这一点上，他们已经忍受了大量的拒绝。你应该看看布莱恩在2010年创业学校的演讲，这是一个非常鼓舞人心的故事，但当他们来找我们的时候，他们已经用完了他们的信用卡。他们在吃麦肯上尉的麦片。他们处于困境中，每个人都认为他们的想法是疯狂的。事实上我没有。但他们知道他们发现了什么。在Lycee的时候，他们对他们的网站做了一些关键的改动。他们和用户交谈。他们设定了他们的目标，他们测量了一切，图表开始上升。记住，新的想法通常一开始看起来很疯狂，但是如果你有一个好主意，并且执行得很好，每个人最终都会看到它。大约两年前，我们资助了埃里克·马科夫斯基(EricMakowski)，当时他是“卵石观察”(PebbleWatch)的前身。埃里克是一个单一的创始人，这些手表有一些共同之处。这让投资者感到害怕。他们的硬件。可怜的埃里克很难获得资金，没有人愿意资助这家硬件公司。他会见了30多名投资者，他们都说我喜欢这个主意，但我不能为一家硬件公司提供资金。一些人声称，他们只是不按惯例为硬件公司提供资金。另一些人则表示，前期的资本支出太多了。当他向他们展示这个概念时，他们都拒绝了，但是他一直在根据用户的这些冲动反馈来建造鹅卵石，他强烈地觉得人们想要这个产品。所以我记得他和保罗谈过，他们同意他应该放弃投资者，把它放到Kickstarter上。他最初的目标是筹集10万美元来制作一千块手表，而不是10万美元，鹅卵石在30天内筹集了1，020万美元，这是Kickstart有史以来最大的一笔钱。我们刚开始的时候连一个Y组合器都被拒绝了。这是我们的第一批。坐在马萨诸塞州剑桥的晚餐上。现在有很多组织在做我们做的事情。但相信我，当我们刚开始的时候，人们认为我们疯了或者只是愚蠢。甚至连我们自己的律师也试图说服我们放弃。但是有八个团队的创始人抓住了YCombinator的机会，搬到了剑桥，每个团队得到了1.2万美元。我想他们告诉你他们有很棒的经历。我们也知道我们在做一些有趣的事情。所以我们专注于制作一些人们喜欢的东西，然后我们慢慢地扩展到那里。但是当我们在06年冬天来到硅谷的时候，这是一个缓慢的过程。我们几乎不认识任何人，所以我们决定集中精力与新投资者会面，说服他们来演示一天。

\[00:06:35\] I got an introduction to theNo.1 angel investor in the
valley Ron Conaway and let me show you how he tried different brushes
off so we get the introduction. And Ron says is this in Boston. I stick
to local and I said no we\'re in Mountain View and we\'d love to have
you come to demo day and he said. So is this a chance to invest in your
incubator. And I replied No we\'re not asking you to invest in us.
We\'re asking you to invest in individual startups and he said. Off to
circle back to you. I\'m jammed up. We\'ve got the jammed up right now
from Long car waves so embarrassing. Oh my gosh. But it all worked out
in the end. Here\'s Ron.

[00：06：35]我得到了第一位天使投资人罗恩·科纳韦的介绍，让我向你们展示他是如何尝试不同的画笔的，所以我们来介绍一下。罗恩说这是在波士顿。我坚持当地，我说不，我们在山景城，我们希望你来演示一天，他说。所以这是一个投资于你的孵化器的机会。我回答：不，我们不是要你投资我们。我们要求你投资于个别初创企业，他说。回到你身边。我被堵住了。我们现在被汽车长波堵住了，太让人尴尬了。我的天啊。但最终都成功了。罗恩来了。

\[00:07:23\] A year later speaking to the winter 07 batch of founders he
did wind up coming into demo day and he was impressed with what he saw.
Remember if you execute well eventually you\'ll win people over. And by
the way I should also point out that there\'s David Wu Sanco who\'s
speaking later today and there\'s Harge to Garh. Is now partner NYC. It
was their batch. Remember there were two components to determination
resilience and drive. We\'ve talked about why you need resilience
because everyone will be down on you but you need drive to overcome the
sheer variety of problems they\'ll face in a startup. Some of them are
painfully specific like a lawsuit or a deal blowing up and some are
demoralizing only vague like no one\'s visiting your site and you can\'t
figure out why there\'s no playbook you can consult when these problems
come up. You have to improvise and sometimes you have to do things that
seem kind of abnormal. This is a picture of a job. Sorry. He\'s the
founder of ælla cart you Lockheart lets restaurant customers order and
pay through a tablet. He was a grad student atM.I.T. when he started the
company and he was so committed that he got a job as a waiter to learn
what restaurants were like. You see that air duct up there over his head
that looks like a halo. This is an example of a good founder. Here are
the Carlson brothers who founded stripe. Patrick speaking right after me
today actually they do payment processing online. When these guys got
started they were a pair of young programmers then no idea how to make
deals with banks and credit card companies. So I asked Patrick how did
you even convince these big companies to work with you. And one Trickey
told me that worked was he started with a phone call and then people
would pay attention to their arguments without being distracted by their
youth. And by the time they met in person and the companies could tell
how young they are they were already impressed. We funded the Lockard
Tron guys back in the summer of 0 9. That\'s them actually at their Y
see interview a year afterwards. They were still figuring out their
idea. They lived with the we pay guys and one day The Weepies were
having a party for their investors. And by that point the lock at trons
were working on a product to lock your door with the iPhone. They were
able to impress one of the investors with their prototype and he asked
to have 40 installed at some startup offices he owned. The founders were
totally psyched. But the commercial locks they needed to use cost five
hundred bucks a pop. They didn\'t have twenty thousand dollars to
fulfill that order. So they went around to local locksmiths and
scrapyards buying broken locks for ten bucks apiece. They fixed them
themselves and were able to deliver on that order. Fast forward a few
years later and these guys were ready to launch the newest version of
the lock Tron and they decided to go on Kickstarter and guess what. A
day after lock Itron submit did their campaign. Kickstarter changed
their policy about hardware companies and rejected them. But the lock
Itron guys decided to build their own Kickstarter and they did it in
less than a week. They wondered if anyone would even come. And not only
did people come but they\'ve already sold close to 2 million dollars
worth of Lockard trons that way. So let me give you just one last
example. Whoops. There we go. Improvising. These are the justin tv
founders when they first got started and they were having a lot of
scaling issues and one weekend their whole video system went down.

[00：07：23]一年后，当他对07年冬季的一批创始人讲话时，他终于进入了演示的一天，他对他所看到的印象深刻。记住，如果你最终执行得很好，你就会赢得别人的支持。顺便说一句，我还应该指出，今天晚些时候有大卫·吴桑科(David Wu Sanco)发言，还有哈吉(Harge To Garh)。现在是纽约的合伙人。是他们的批次。记住，决心、弹性和动力有两个要素。我们已经讨论过为什么你需要弹性，因为每个人都会对你不满，但你需要动力来克服他们在创业中将面临的各种问题。其中一些是令人痛苦的具体细节，比如诉讼或交易破裂；另一些则是令人沮丧的，就像没有人访问你的网站一样，你无法弄清楚为什么当这些问题出现时，你没有可以参考的剧本。你必须随机应变，有时你不得不做一些看似不正常的事情。这是一张工作的照片。抱歉的他是“手推车”的创始人，洛克哈特公司让餐厅顾客通过平板电脑订购和付款。当他创办公司时，他还是麻省理工学院的研究生，他非常敬业，因此找到了一份服务生的工作，来了解餐馆是什么样的。你看到他头顶上的风管看起来像个光环。这是一个很好的创始人的例子。这是创建条纹的卡尔森兄弟。帕特里克今天跟在我后面，实际上他们在网上做支付处理。当这些家伙开始的时候，他们是一对年轻的程序员，然后不知道如何与银行和信用卡公司做交易。所以我问帕特里克，你是怎么说服这些大公司和你合作的。一位小精灵告诉我，他一开始打电话就成功了，然后人们就会注意到他们的论点，而不会被他们的青春分心。当他们面对面见面的时候，公司就可以知道他们有多年轻了，他们已经印象深刻了。我们早在09年夏天就资助了洛克德·特龙。这就是他们在Y-见一年后的采访-的实际情况。他们还在想他们的主意。他们和我们付钱的人住在一起，有一天，Weepies一家为他们的投资者举办了一个聚会。到那时，Trons的锁正在开发一种产品，可以用iPhone锁住你的门。他们能够用他们的原型给一位投资者留下深刻的印象，他要求在他拥有的一些创业办公室安装40台。创始人们都很兴奋。但是他们需要使用的商业锁一次要花五百美元。他们没有两万美元来完成那项订单。于是他们到当地的锁匠和废品场去买破锁，每人十块钱。他们自己修好了，并能够交付这份订单。快进几年后，这些家伙准备推出最新版本的锁Tron，他们决定去Kickstarter和猜猜什么。一天后，伊特恩提交了他们的战役。Kickstarter改变了他们对硬件公司的政策，并拒绝了他们。但是锁具公司的人决定建造他们自己的Kickstarter，他们在不到一周的时间里就完成了。他们想知道是否有人会来。而且，不仅人们来了，而且他们已经以这种方式卖出了价值近200万美元的洛克德手枪。让我给你们最后一个例子。哇哦。开始吧。即兴发挥。这些都是贾斯汀电视的创始人，他们刚开始的时候，他们有很多缩放的问题，有一个周末，他们的整个视频系统都崩溃了。

\[00:11:17\] Kyle was in charge of it but no one knew where Kyle was and
Kyle wasn\'t picking up his cell phone.

凯尔负责这件事，但没人知道凯尔在哪里，凯尔也没有拿起他的手机。

\[00:11:25\] This was like a video so it was pretty critical that this
get fixed immediately. So Michael seeable called Kyle\'s friends and
found out that he was in Lake Lake Tahoe and got the address. So here\'s
a problem for you. You know the address of where someone is and he\'s
not answering his phone. How do you get a message to him immediately.

[00：11：25]这就像一段视频，所以非常关键的是，这件事必须马上解决。所以Michael Seable打电话给凯尔的朋友，发现他在Tahoe湖，得到了他的地址。这对你来说是个问题。你知道有人在哪里的地址，他不接电话。你怎么马上给他留言。

\[00:11:47\] Michael went on to yelp and looked for a pizza place near
the house and called them up and said I want to have a pizza delivered
but never mind about the pizza. Just send the delivery guy over and say
these four words. The site is down. So the pizza place was like really
confused by this and they send the pizza guy without a pizza. Kyle
answers the door to the delivery guys like the site is down. Kyle\'s
like. Oh no. And he fixed the site. It was down for less than one hour
from start to finish.

迈克尔接着叫了起来，在房子附近找了个比萨饼店，打电话给他们，说我要送披萨，但不要管披萨的事。派送货员过来说这四个字。网站已经关闭了。所以比萨饼店对此感到很困惑，他们送披萨的人没有比萨饼。凯尔给送货员开门，就像网站掉了一样。凯尔就像。哦，不。他把网站修好了。从开始到结束都不到一个小时。

\[00:12:32\] All right. So now we\'re going to move on to another
monster co-founder disputes. I think people underestimate how critical
founder relationships are to the success of a startup. Unfortunately
I\'ve seen more founder breakups than I care to even count. And when it
happens it can crush a startup. Be very careful when you decide to start
a startup with someone. Do you know them well. Have you worked with them
or gone to school with them. Don\'t just slap yourself together with
someone just because they\'re available and seem good enough. You\'ll
probably regret it. And if you start seeing red flags do something about
it don\'t think it\'ll just go away. It\'s a red flag when you find
yourself worrying whether your co-founder is trustworthy or whether he
or she works hard enough or is competent when founders break up for
whatever reason. It\'s a blow to the startups productivity and morale.
If there\'s three and one leaves it\'s not so bad. But if there\'s two
and one leaves it\'s hard because now you\'re a single founder. Now we
come to the investor monster. Investors tend to have a herd mentality.
They like you. If other investors like you. So if no one likes you until
others do. What happens when you talk to the first ones. No one likes
you. It\'s like the catch 22 of not being able to get a job because you
don\'t have enough experience. You\'re except you\'re really starting
off in a hole and you have to work your way out of it. You have to meet
with lots of investors and hear things like I\'d be interested once you
get some more traction or who else is investing. If you work hard enough
you may be able to find a few people who are excited enough about you
and the idea to fund you even though you don\'t have other investors
yet. Then when you have a few investors you can start to make that herd
mentality work for you instead of against you. Fundraising is hard and
slow until it\'s fast and easy. But working to convince those first few
investors can be really demoralizing. It\'s a grind. Investors also like
to drag their feet left to their own devices. They\'ll just keep
delaying there\'s no downside for them to delay whereas delay will kill
you because while you\'re fundraising your company will grind to a halt.
And by the way there are some really good investors who aren\'t like
this. I\'m just talking about the median investor but it blows my mind
how many successful startups had a hard time fundraising at first. If
you remember one piece of advice about investors it\'s that you\'ve got
to create some type of competitive situation. I\'ll give you what is
always stuck in my mind as the most amazing example of this. One of the
founders of one of our more successful startups. Had a longstanding
relationship with aV.C. So when the founder started the company and did
we see this Fisi kept in touch for three months not really doing
anything except kind of keeping a benevolent eye on the founder. The
Veazey attended Demo Day but didn\'t invest. After a few months the
startup gets a term sheet from a procedure Veazey. And for those of you
in the audience who don\'t know a term sheet is an offer to invest in
your company. When the first Veazey heard about this he shifted into
panic mode. He faxed the founder a term sheet from his firm with the
valuation blank and just said in whatever valuation you want and
Worryin. And there are worse things investors can do than just delay.
Sometimes they say yes and then change their mind. It\'s not a deal
until the money is in the bank. And we\'ve seen some founders learn that
the hard way. I could tell you a lot of horror stories to frighten you.
But just remember that fundraisings a bitch.

[00：12：32]好的。因此，现在我们将继续讨论另一个怪物联合创始人争端。我认为人们低估了创始人关系对创业成功的重要性。不幸的是，我看到了更多的创始人分手，甚至比我想数的还要多。当这种情况发生时，它可能会粉碎一家初创公司。当你决定和别人一起创业时，要非常小心。你了解他们吗。你和他们一起工作过还是和他们一起去过学校。不要仅仅因为某人有空而且看起来很好就和他们在一起。你可能会后悔的。如果你开始看到危险信号，不要以为它会消失。当你发现自己在担心你的联合创始人是否值得信任，或者他(她)工作是否足够努力，或者当创始人因任何原因分手时是否胜任，这都是一个危险信号。这对初创企业的生产力和士气都是一个打击。如果有三个，一个离开，那就没那么糟了。但如果有两个人离开，那就很难了，因为现在你是一个单一的创始人了。现在我们来看看投资者怪物。投资者往往有从众的心态。他们喜欢你。如果其他投资者喜欢你。所以如果没有人喜欢你，直到别人喜欢。当你和第一批人交谈时会发生什么。没人喜欢你。这就像因为你没有足够的经验而找不到工作的第22条。除了你真的是从一个洞里开始，你必须努力摆脱它。你必须与许多投资者见面，一旦你获得更多的吸引力，或者是其他人在投资，你就会听到像我这样的事情。如果你工作得足够努力，你可能会找到一些人，他们对你和为你提供资金的想法非常兴奋，即使你还没有其他投资者。然后，当你有几个投资者时，你就可以开始让这种从众心态对你起作用，而不是对你不利。筹款是艰难而缓慢的，直到它变得又快又容易。但是，努力说服那些最初的几个投资者确实会让人士气低落。这是一场磨难。投资者也喜欢把脚拖到自己的设备上。他们只会继续拖延，这对他们来说没有坏处，而拖延会让你丧命，因为当你筹集资金的时候，你的公司就会陷入困境。顺便说一句，有些真正好的投资者并不是这样的。我只是在谈论中位投资者，但让我惊讶的是，有多少成功的初创企业一开始很难筹集资金。如果你还记得一条关于投资者的建议，那就是你必须创造某种竞争环境。我会给你一个永远萦绕在我脑海中的东西，作为这方面最令人惊奇的例子。我们最成功的创业公司之一的创始人之一。菲西与aV.C有着长期的关系。因此，当创始人创办该公司时，我们看到菲西与他保持了三个月的联系，除了对创始人保持仁慈的关注外，他什么也没做。维西参加了演示日，但没有投资。几个月后，这家初创公司从一家程序公司获得了一份学期表。对于那些不知道学期单的听众来说，他们愿意投资于你的公司。当第一个维西听说这件事时，他就进入了恐慌的状态。他传真给创始人一份来自他公司的条款单，上面写着“你想要的任何估价”和“烦恼”。而且，投资者还有比拖延更糟糕的事情可以做。有时他们说是，然后改变主意。在钱存到银行之前，这不是交易。我们看到一些创办人通过艰难的方式学会了这一点。我可以给你讲很多恐怖故事来吓唬你。但别忘了募捐是个贱人。

\[00:16:34\] Why see founders raise money under really good
circumstances. And even for them it\'s a bitch.

[00：16：34]为什么看到创始人在非常好的环境下筹集资金。即使对他们来说也是个婊子。

\[00:16:42\] Sardis where one of the reasons fundraising can be so
damaging to your company is that it\'s a distraction. We warn everyone
early on and why see that there\'s no need to be very careful about
distractions and no one is stupid enough to play video games all day but
the kind of distractions founders fall for are things that seem like a
reasonable way to spend their time. We tell people that during Y C
there\'s three things that they should be focusing on. Writing code
talking to users and exercising and maybe that\'s a little bit extreme
but the point is early on. Nothing else for your startup matters. You
need to figure out how to make something people want and do it well.
Don\'t spend all your time networking don\'t hire an army of interns
just build stuff and talk to users. And by the way fundraising is a
distraction but it\'s a necessary ones. Just try to spend as little time
on it as possible. One thing that isn\'t necessary and is a bad
distraction is talking to corporate development people or corp dev.
These are people at big companies who buy startups so you get a call
from a corp dev person and they want to learn more about what you\'re
doing and explore possible ways of working together. The founders
thanks. Oh boy. This important company wants to work with me. I should
at least take the meeting and I hate to sound harsh but what these
meetings are really for is a way for them to see if they want to do
anH.R. acquisition. And anH.R. acquisition means they\'re essentially
trying to hire you. And there\'s such a dangerous distraction that I\'ve
given them their own little monster. There\'s nothing wrong withH.R.
acquisitions if that\'s what you want to do. But most founders don\'t
start startups just to get a job at a big company for what essentially
is a nice hiring bonus. Talking to corp people early on isn\'t just a
waste of time. It\'s uniquely demoralizing. And I see the cycle happen
over and over. The founders go to meet with the corp dev people and
think the meeting was great. They\'re so friendly and enthusiastic and
the founders delude themselves into thinking that their startup is going
to be the one that gets bought for ten million dollars after only five
months they start to think OK yeah we\'d kind of like to get acquired
and they start to not work on their startup anymore and they lose
momentum then they get the offer and it\'s essentially what they would
have gotten if they\'d walked in off the street and gotten a job. But by
then they\'ve gotten so accustomed to the idea of selling that they take
it. So going down the corpse Evros seriously can deflate your ambitions.
OK now we come to the fiercest monster of all the difficulty of making
something people want. It\'s so hard that most startups aren\'t able to
do it. You\'re trying to figure out something that\'s never been done
before. Not making something people want is the biggest cause of failure
we see early on with the second biggest being found or disputes in order
to make something people want. Being brilliant and determined is not
enough. You have to be able to talk to our users and adjust your idea
accordingly. Ordinarily you have to change your idea quite a lot even if
you start out with a reasonably good one. Remember this Web site Air Bed
and Breakfast was a rather narrower idea when they first launched. They
started out as a site that let people rent out air beds to travellers
for conferences. Then they changed to renting out air beds. Then they
changed to renting out a room or a couch. But the host had to be there
to make breakfast. Then they finally realized that there was all this
pent up demand to rent out entire places. This evolution shows that you
may begin with kind of a general vision of what your startup is doing
but you often have to try several different approaches to get it right.
And sometimes you have to totally change your idea or order head which
lets you order takeout on your cell phone was the founders 6th idea. We
funded them for the first thing I think they presented on demo day with
the third and it wasn\'t until order ahead that they hit on their big
idea. Even if you don\'t need to change the overall idea much you still
tend to have to do lots of refinement and one of the best examples of
this is Dropbox. Here\'s a photo of Drew Housden during Lycee in the
summer of 0 7. He had a rash were working on something that was
obviously necessary but the reason it was hard to predict early on
whether they\'d succeed is that there were lots of people doing this.
The way to win in this world was to execute well and it didn\'t happen
overnight. They had to get 1001 details right. There were a lot of
unglamorous schleps between that photograph and this one. Looks good
between starting the company and being on the cover of Forbes. You\'re
going to have some dramatic ups and downs in a startup. You don\'t have
the damping that you\'d have as part of a larger organization
circumstances just kind of fooling you about the process is often
described as a rollercoaster because your up one minute and down the
next. Lots of rollercoaster stories that I know involve fundraising. And
one of the most extreme ones happened to some people we funded in their
previous startup. It was based in Houston and they got a term sheet from
a top tier Risi in Silicon Valley and one of the conditions was that
they base their company in the valley. So they said fine. They sold
their houses. They they moved their families into corporate housing in
Houston until they found places in the valley. The documents were
already signed and the money was scheduled to be wired on Friday and
they were going to start working on Monday. Out of the VCR is office. So
Friday comes around and for some reason the money was not wired. So they
call the you to ask if they should still come out and the like.
Absolutely. So they get into their minivan and they drive from Houston
to Silicon Valley and they stop in Vegas to celebrate. This is the part
of the rollercoaster. So on my. They set up all their stuff in the
conference room with a refund all six of their team there and by that
Wednesday the money was still not wired so they had a board meeting
planned for that day and they decide to invite theV.C. And in this
meeting the CEO talked about how sign up numbers had gone down
temporarily because they had changed the way they measured them. I think
you know how this story story\'s going to turn out theV.C. had actually
gotten buyer\'s remorse and he used this as an excuse to break the deal.
Remember they had signed all the documents sold their homes moved to
Silicon Valley and were just waiting to get the 7 million dollars wired
to them. And instead theV.C. bales he kicks them out of their conference
room. The founders had to call their wives back in Houston and go back
with their tails between their legs and they had to lay everyone off.
Can you imagine just a few days before they were celebrating in Vegas
and now they have nothing incidentally to get to a story this extreme we
had. Here\'s an example of a startup we didn\'t fund because I don\'t
think a would probably do this to a startup. We funded. Now let me just
tell you about the other half of the rollercoaster. We funded the code
Kaddoumi team in the summer of 2011. Their original idea didn\'t work
and they kept exploring new ones. It wasn\'t until late July that they
started working on their idea for teaching people to code online. They
launched just three days before Demo Day and in those three days they
got over 200000 users. I mean they only launched so they could get up on
demo day and say that they were a launch company that Zach Sims they\'re
presenting on demo day. They never expected that in just three days they
could go from a startup with a non launched idea and get up on stage and
announce they had 200000 users which is just about the most exciting
thing you can say to investors. The theme here is how extreme things can
be. Just remember that no extreme ever lasts. Don\'t let yourself get
immobilized by sadness when things go wrong. Just keep putting one foot
in front of the other and know it will get better but don\'t get
complacent when things are going well. In reality things are never as
bad or as good as they seem. And by the way what makes this
rollercoaster even worse is that while you\'re on it there\'s this huge
audience watching everything you do. You\'ll have trolls and reporters
say outrageous things about you online so be ready for that and have a
thick skin so everyone knows it. Startups are hard. Yet when we watch
people do them they\'re always surprised. The reason they\'re surprised
is that they don\'t realize how bad these specific problems can be.
I\'ve seen some very smart and talented people get so demoralized that
they just gave up. Startups are not for the faint of heart. And I
realize that this is not new news but I wanted you to at least
understand how their hard early on so that when you run into these
specific monsters you\'ll know what to do. Thank you.


[00：16：42]萨戴斯，筹款会对你的公司造成很大损害的原因之一就是它分散了你的注意力。我们很早就警告每个人，为什么我们会发现没有必要对分心非常小心，也没有人会愚蠢到整天玩电子游戏，但创业者喜欢的那种分心行为似乎是一种合理的打发时间的方式。我们告诉人们，在YC期间，他们应该关注三件事情。写代码，和用户交谈，锻炼-也许这有点极端，但问题还在早期。对你的创业来说没什么大不了的了。你需要弄清楚如何使人们想要的东西，并把它做好。不要把你所有的时间都花在人际关系上，不要雇佣一支实习生大军，只需要制作东西和用户交谈。顺便说一句，筹款是分散注意力的，但这是必要的。尽量少花点时间在上面。有一件事是不必要的，也是一件令人分心的事情，那就是与公司开发人员或公司开发人员交谈。这些人都是大公司的人，他们会买下创业公司，这样你就会接到一个公司开发人员的电话，他们想了解更多关于你们正在做什么的事情，并探索可能的合作方式。创始人谢谢。哦天啊。这家重要的公司想和我合作。我至少应该参加这次会议，我讨厌听起来很刺耳，但这些会议的真正目的是让他们看看他们是否想要进行H.R.获取。人力资源的收购意味着他们实际上是想雇佣你。还有一个危险的分心，我给他们自己的小怪物。如果这是你想做的，那么人力资源收购没有错。但大多数创始人并不是仅仅为了在一家大公司找到一份工作而创办初创企业，这实际上是一笔不错的招聘奖金。早早与公司员工交谈并不是浪费时间。这是唯一令人沮丧的。我看到循环一次又一次地发生。创办人去见公司的开发人员，认为会议很棒。他们是如此友好和热情，创始人们自欺欺人，以为他们的创业公司在短短5个月后就会以1000万美元被收购，他们开始认为好吧，是的，我们有点想被收购，他们开始不再为他们的初创公司工作，他们失去了动力，然后他们得到了这个机会，这基本上就是他们想要的。如果他们从街上走进来找工作的话。但到那时，他们已经习惯了销售的想法，于是就接受了。所以把尸体放下来会让你的野心灰飞烟灭。好了，现在我们来到了最凶猛的怪物，所有的困难，使一些人想要的东西。这太难了，以至于大多数初创公司都做不到。你想找出以前从未做过的事。不制造人们想要的东西是我们早期看到的最大的失败原因，我们发现了第二大原因，或者是为了让人们想要的东西而发生争执。有才华和决心是不够的。你必须能够与我们的用户交谈，并相应地调整你的想法。通常情况下，你必须改变你的想法，即使你从一个相当好的开始。记住，这个网站“空气床”和“早餐”在他们第一次推出的时候是一个比较狭窄的想法。他们最初是一个网站，让人们把空气床租给旅行者参加会议。然后他们又换了个空床出租。然后他们换了一个房间或沙发。但是主人必须在那里做早餐。然后，他们终于意识到，所有这些压抑的需求出租整个地方。这一演变表明，你可能从一种对你的创业所做的事情的总体设想开始，但你经常需要尝试几种不同的方法才能使之正确。有时候，你必须完全改变你的想法或订单头，让你在手机上订购外卖，这是创始人的第六个想法。我们资助了他们的第一件事，我认为他们展示了第三天的演示，直到订单提前，他们才想到了他们的伟大想法。即使你不需要改变总体观念，你仍然需要做很多改进，其中一个最好的例子就是Dropbox。这是07年夏天莱西的德鲁？豪斯顿的照片。他的皮疹正在做一些显然是必要的事情，但很难预测他们是否会成功的原因是有很多人这么做。在这个世界上获胜的方法是执行好，而这不是一夜之间发生的。他们必须得到1001个细节正确。那张照片和这张照片之间有很多平淡无奇的杂乱无章的地方。在创办公司和登上“福布斯”封面之间看上去不错。你将在一家初创公司中经历一些戏剧性的起起落落。在更大的组织环境中，你没有足够的阻尼，只是在某种程度上愚弄你的过程，通常被描述为过山车，因为你一分钟上一分钟，下一分钟下来。很多我知道的过山车故事都和筹款有关。其中最极端的一件事发生在我们在上一次创业时资助的一些人身上。该公司总部设在休斯顿，他们从硅谷的一家顶级企业Risi那里得到了一份学期表，条件之一是他们将公司设在硅谷。所以他们说没问题。他们卖掉了房子。他们把家人搬到休斯敦的公寓楼里，直到他们在山谷里找到了住处。这些文件已经签署，这笔钱预定在周五电汇，他们将在周一开始工作。录像机外面是办公室。所以星期五来了，由于某种原因，钱没有汇过来。所以他们打电话给你，问他们是否还应该出来等等。绝对一点儿没错于是他们上了自己的小货车，从休斯顿开车到硅谷，然后在拉斯维加斯停下来庆祝。这是过山车的一部分。所以我的。他们把所有的东西都安排在会议室里，他们的六个团队都得到了退款。到了周三，这笔钱还没有汇入，所以他们计划在那天召开董事会会议，并决定邀请V.C。在这次会议上，首席执行官谈到了注册人数是如何暂时下降的，因为他们改变了衡量人数的方式。我想你知道这个故事的结局，风投实际上得到了买家的悔恨，他以此为借口破坏了交易。还记得他们签了所有的文件，卖了房子，搬到了硅谷，只是在等着把700万美元汇给他们。他把他们踢出会议室。创始人们不得不把妻子们叫回休斯敦，两腿夹着尾巴回去，他们不得不解雇所有人。你能想象几天前，他们在拉斯维加斯庆祝，现在他们没有任何附带的事情，我们有这么极端的故事。这里是一个我们没有资助的初创公司的例子，因为我不认为一个人可能会这样对待一家初创公司。我们资助了。现在让我告诉你过山车的另一半。我们在2011年夏天资助了代码Kaddoumi团队。他们原来的想法行不通，他们一直在探索新的想法。直到7月底，他们才开始研究教人们在线编码的想法。他们在演示日前三天发布，在这三天里，他们获得了超过200000的用户。我的意思是，他们只是为了能在演示日站起来，说他们是ZachSims在演示日展示的一家发射公司。他们从未料到，在短短三天内，他们就能从一家没有推出创意的初创公司走出来，站起来，宣布拥有200000用户，这是你能对投资者说的最令人兴奋的事情了。这里的主题是什么是极端的东西。记住，没有任何极端会持续下去。当事情出错时，不要让自己被悲伤所束缚。只要把一只脚放在另一只脚前面，并知道它会变得更好，但当事情进展顺利时，不要自满。实际上，事情从来没有看上去那么糟糕或那么好。顺便说一句，让这场过山车变得更糟的是，当你在过山车上的时候，有大量的观众在观看你所做的每一件事。你会有巨魔，而记者们会在网上说一些关于你的骇人听闻的事情，所以要做好准备，拥有厚厚的皮肤，让每个人都知道这一点。创业很难。然而，当我们看到人们这样做的时候，他们总是感到惊讶。他们之所以感到惊讶，是因为他们没有意识到这些具体的问题会有多严重。我见过一些非常聪明和有才华的人变得如此沮丧，以至于他们放弃了。创业并不适合那些胆小的人。我意识到这不是什么新消息，但我想让你至少明白他们的努力是多么的艰难，这样当你遇到这些特定的怪物时，你就会知道该怎么做了。谢谢。

