**Mark Zuckerberg at Startup School 2012-5bJi7k-y1Lo.mp4**

*马克扎克伯格在启动学校2012-5bJi7k-Y1Lo.mp4*

\[00:00:00\] Welcome everybody. I\'m bigger. Yeah yeah I hear you guys
are you. Okay. So these are the questions that I was curious about and I
think they\'ll be the questions you guys were curious about too. I\'m
going to ask a lot about the very early days of Facebook. We were just
talking about them in the back. It was fascinating. Wish you could have
heard it. We\'ll do our best to try to he said. So here\'s a question
might be a little bit difficult.

[00：00]欢迎大家。我更大。是的，我听说你们就是你们。好的。所以，这些是我很好奇的问题，我认为它们也会是你们感兴趣的问题。我会问很多关于Facebook早期的问题。我们只是在后面讨论他们。很吸引人。真希望你能听到。他说：“我们会尽我们最大的努力去做。”所以这里有个问题可能有点难。

\[00:00:30\] How long before 2004 could something like Facebook have
succeeded like what was the last thing that was needed to fall into
place. Could someone have done it in 1995 or 2000. Yeah I know it\'s an
interesting question.

[00：00：30]在2004年之前的多久，像Facebook这样的东西就能成功，就像最不需要的事情。可能有人在1995年或2000年做过这件事。我知道这是个有趣的问题。

\[00:00:45\] There were certain elements that we certainly bootstrapped
off of and kind of used to pack early identity right.

[00：00：45]有一些元素，我们当然是从这些元素中引导出来的，它们被某种程度上用来包装早期的身份验证。

\[00:00:53\] So one of the things that that people don\'t think about
that often today is early on we wanted to establish this culture of real
identity on the surface. And you know there weren\'t really any other
online services or communities where people were openly their real self
before that. And one of the ways that we kind of determined that someone
was really who they said they were in their credentials were real where
everyone had school email addresses. I don\'t know how much before. 2004
I assume you know around 2000 all schools started issuing e-mail
addresses. But that was really the critical thing that made it so that
we could get this counterintuitive thing that not many other services
were using school e-mail addresses where the original source of
identity.

[00：00：53]所以今天人们不常想的事情之一是，我们希望在表面上建立真正身份的文化。你也知道，在此之前，没有任何其他的在线服务或社区能让人们公开他们真正的自我。我们确定某人确实是他们所说的人的方式之一是真实的，每个人都有学校的电子邮件地址。我不知道以前有多少。2004年，我想你应该知道，大约在2000年左右，所有学校都开始发电子邮件地址了。但这确实是关键的事情，它使我们可以得到这个违反直觉的东西，没有很多其他服务使用学校的电子邮件地址，其中的原始身份来源。

\[00:01:34\] Well that\'s how we knew what school you were in. Right and
you weren\'t just a sockpuppet because you can\'t get the school to keep
an annual address.

[00：01：34]我们就是这样知道你在哪所学校的。对，你不只是一个傀儡，因为你不能让学校保持年度地址。

\[00:01:42\] And so it also admitted that people can sign up for fake
accounts. Right. Right. People typically only of one school account so
having it being able to bootstrap off of that was this really nice early
thing that helped us establish this culture of real identity. And once
we got to a few million people or 10 million people where that culture
was established it was able to bootstrap into something that was much
bigger. That kept most of that culture even though now obviously most
people in the world don\'t have e-mails that are issued by some
institution that vouches for their identity.

[00：01：42]所以它也承认人们可以注册假账户。右（边），正确的右（边），正确的人们通常只拥有一个学校账户，所以让它能够从这个账户中走出来，这是一件非常美好的早期事情，帮助我们建立了这种真实身份的文化。一旦我们接触到几百万人或一千万人，这种文化就建立起来了，我们就能够把它引导到更大的东西上。尽管现在世界上的大多数人都没有电子邮件，但这些电子邮件是由某一机构签发的，这些电子邮件可以证明他们的身份。

\[00:02:10\] Now people log in through Facebook.

[00：02：10]现在人们通过Facebook登录。

\[00:02:12\] Now you are the source of identity. Well you know it comes
out.

[00：02：12]现在你是身份的来源。你知道它会出来的。

\[00:02:16\] Yes but you know but to your question about when would it
have been possible. You know one of the big trends that we see is that.
The amount that any individual shares in a given year seems to be
growing of it\'s exponentially increasing rate.

[00：02：16]是的，但你知道，但你要问的是，什么时候才有可能。我们看到的一个大趋势就是。在给定的一年里，任何个人股票的数量似乎都在以指数的速度增长。

\[00:02:30\] Kirghiz Yeah I don\'t call it that but other people do. You
heard it here first. But you know I mean it is this kind of social
networking version of Moore\'s Law.

柯尔克孜：是的，我不这么叫它，但其他人这么说。你先在这里听到了。但你知道，我的意思是，这是这种社交网络版的摩尔定律。

\[00:02:39\] It\'s interesting and you know what would that suggest to
me is if we expect that this rate is going to double every year then
look out 10 years to the 10th is 10 24.

[00：02：39]这很有趣，你知道这对我来说意味着什么，如果我们预计这个比率每年会翻一番，那么看看10年到10岁是1024岁。

\[00:02:49\] Right. So ten years from now people will be sharing about
1000 times as many things.

[00：02：49]对。所以十年后，人们分享的东西将是现在的1000倍。

\[00:03:00\] If you want to get our season next year I feel like
everything will be cool anyway. I just have a good have a good feeling
about today. I don\'t think that\'s a bad omen.

[00：03：00]如果你想明年参加我们的赛季，我觉得一切都会很好。我只是对今天感觉很好。我不认为那是个坏兆头。

\[00:03:08\] Now that\'s wonderful.

[00：03：08]现在那太棒了。

\[00:03:11\] So anyway so I think the question is not Would Facebook
have not been possible before 2004 it would have been in some capacity
but people would have shared less. And if you fast forward five years
there\'s going to be a version of all these social services that people
are using to share way more. And I think that anyone here could be can
kind of think about ten years from now people are going to be sharing a
thousand times as much stuff a day. This is this trend continues.
What\'s what things are going to have to exist in the world and what
kind of services are going to have to exist in order for that to be
possible. Instagram for toilets.

所以无论如何，我认为问题不是Facebook在2004年之前不可能的，它本来是以某种身份存在的，但人们会分享的更少。如果你快进五年，就会有一个版本的社会服务，人们用它来分享更多。我认为这里的任何人都可以想象十年后人们每天会分享上千倍的东西这种趋势还在继续。什么样的东西才能在这个世界上存在，需要什么样的服务才能成为可能。上厕所的Instagram。

\[00:03:43\] That\'s the final frontier. Instagram is killing it. I mean
they\'re they\'re doing really well. So that\'s a good frontier. Right.

[00：03：43]那是最后的边疆。Instagram正在扼杀它。我的意思是他们做得很好。所以那是一个很好的边疆。对。

\[00:03:53\] When you first launched in the very beginning the features
were sort of profile with like a profile photo and your name and who you
are. And also you included things like what house you lived in what dorm
you lived in and what courses you were taking. What do you think it
would have worked without that.

[00：03：53]当你第一次发布的时候，你的特征就像一个侧面照片，你的名字和你是谁。你还包括了你住在哪所房子，住在什么宿舍，上了什么课。你觉得没有那个会有什么效果。

\[00:04:08\] Would it have been enough just to have profiles.

[00：04：08]只要有个人资料就够了吗？

\[00:04:11\] You know it\'s a really interesting question and we
certainly since then have evolved and wanted to make a more general
service. So we\'ve dropped some of those things. But I remember there\'s
this early debate that Dustin and I had where we had to do some manual
work for every school that we that we released Facebook at.

[00：04：11]你知道这是一个非常有趣的问题，从那以后，我们当然已经进化，想要做一个更全面的服务。所以我们放弃了其中的一些东西。但我记得有一个早期的争论，达斯汀和我必须为我们发布Facebook的每一所学校做一些手工作业。

\[00:04:30\] And in order to do that we basically went through and we
passed the course catalogs of the schools to make sure that it was
clean. And I remember having this debate where Dustin was like we could
just expend so much faster or it would just be easier. I mean we were
bound by server capacity but it would be easier to launch new schools if
we didn\'t have to have course catalogs four for each school and we just
had this really long debate about what quality meant for us and the
community that we wanted to establish. And the culture of it and you
know in retrospect you know maybe you wouldn\'t have had a huge
difference on how things played out. But it definitely kind of set the
tone where there\'s a lot of kind of clean data on Facebook. You can
rely on it. It feels like a college specific thing which was valuable
early on for setting the culture even though obviously since then we\'ve
grown beyond that. And you know I think you guys in the projects that
you work on you\'re gonna have a lot of similar questions. I mean
there\'s the famous 80 20 rule where you know you get 80 percent of the
benefit by doing 20 percent of the work. But. You can\'t just 80 20
everything. Right. I mean there have to be certain things that you just
are the best at right and that you go way further than anyone else that
you establish this kind of quality bar and have your product be the best
thing that\'s out there so you know whether we had to do that one or had
to do something we had to do I think enough of those things or else we
just wouldn\'t have the best service out there.

[00：04：30]为了做到这一点，我们基本上通过了学校的课程目录，以确保它是干净的。我记得有一场辩论，达斯汀就像我们可以花得更快，否则就会更容易。我的意思是说，我们受到服务器容量的约束，但是如果我们不需要为每所学校提供四种课程目录，那么创建新学校就更容易了，我们只是就我们想要建立的质量对我们和社区的意义进行了一场漫长的辩论。你知道，回想起来，你知道，在事情的发展过程中，你可能不会有太大的不同。但它确实为Facebook上有大量干净数据的地方定下了基调。你可以依靠它。这感觉就像大学特有的东西，在建立文化的早期是很有价值的，尽管很明显，从那以后，我们已经超越了这一点。你知道，我认为你们在工作的项目中会有很多类似的问题。我的意思是，有一条著名的8020法则，你知道你做了20%的工作就能得到80%的收益。但你不能每样东西都8020块。右（边），正确的我的意思是，一定有一些事情你是最擅长的，你比任何人都要走得更远，你建立了这样的优质酒吧，让你的产品成为最好的东西，所以你知道我们是必须做那件事，还是必须做一些我们必须做的事，我觉得这些事情都够了，或者否则我们就没有最好的服务了。

\[00:05:47\] Do you remember when you got rid of courses when you used
up part including course time probably when we expanded beyond colleges
really so you kept doing courses. Yeah. All through girl was like
hundreds of colleges.

[00：05：47]你还记得当你用掉包括课程时间在内的部分课程的时候吗？嗯整个女孩就像几百所大学。

\[00:06:01\] I think we eventually figured out a way that just
crowdsourced it and made it a bit easier once we had enough data that we
could extrapolate from the colleges that we had in place but we did it
for probably way longer than was rational.

[00：06：01]我想我们最终想出了一种方法，只要我们有足够的数据可以从我们现有的大学中推断出来，我们就会更容易做到这一点，但我们这么做的时间可能比理性的时间要长得多。

\[00:06:15\] Do you do you remember how much your first server cost. You
said that eighty five dollars. Eighty five. And I remember that because
that was the gating factor for us launching new schools.

[00：06：15]你还记得你的第一台服务器花了多少钱吗？你说了85美元。八十五。我记得这一点，因为这是我们开办新学校的关键因素。

\[00:06:25\] I mean we had this philosophy from the very beginning that
we didn\'t want to be this project. It wasn\'t even a company at the
very beginning but we didn\'t want to be burning a lot of money. We
weren\'t planning on raising a lot of money we didn\'t want to be one of
these things that raised a bunch of money and was losing a bunch of
money and decided that we\'d somehow pull it through the end. And so you
know so.

[00：06：25]我的意思是，我们从一开始就有这样的哲学，我们不想成为这个项目。一开始它甚至不是一家公司，但我们不想花很多钱。我们不打算筹集很多钱，我们不想成为那些筹集了一大笔钱，并且损失了一大笔钱的人之一，我们决定以某种方式把它拖到最后。所以你知道的。

\[00:06:44\] Eighty five dollars for the first survey put out ads on the
site and the ads at the beginning were we just were running some kind of
ad network and you wonder what the first day had was. Now I don\'t. Know
how much you get ads. This was Eduardo\'s job early on was I mean with
your ad sales. Yeah. He basically like he was responsible for making
sure that we had enough money to keep things running in the beginning
and you basic them.

[00：06：44]第一次调查花费85美元在网站上投放广告，一开始我们只是在运行某种广告网络，你想知道第一天是什么。现在我不知道你收到了多少广告。这是爱德华多早期的工作，我指的是你的广告销售。是的。他基本上喜欢他负责确保我们有足够的钱来维持最初的运转，而你则是基本的。

\[00:07:10\] So it was the server was eighty five dollars and you know
Duson and I basically worked on kind of efficiency in making sure that
we can fit more schools onto each server and in Edwardo worked on
selling more ads or making a deal so we can get an ad network so that
where we can we can make more money than whenever we had more money we
rented another eighty five dollar a month server and we kind of went
from there.

[00：07：10]所以服务器是85美元，你知道，杜松和我基本上都致力于提高效率，确保我们可以在每台服务器上安装更多的学校；在Edwardo，我们致力于销售更多的广告或做交易，这样我们就可以得到一个广告网络，这样我们就可以比我们有更多钱的时候赚到更多的钱。一个月又租了85美元的服务生然后我们就从那里走了。

\[00:07:30\] And know is some interesting way of seeing ever spent money
you didn\'t have in the beginning not the beginning now and then then I
mean even how was the constraint on your growth rate. How many new
eighty five dollars is you could get. Yeah I mean it was actually good
because you know sometimes it\'s really nice to have the time to get
your product to be awesome and deal with scaling problems.

[00：07：30]知道是一种有趣的方式，可以看到你一开始就没有花过的钱，而不是现在的开始，我的意思是，你的增长率是如何受到限制的。你能得到多少新的85美元？是的，我的意思是，它实际上是很好的，因为你知道，有时它真的很好，有时间让你的产品变得很棒，并处理缩放问题。

\[00:07:50\] And one of the things that was interesting was at the time
I don\'t know how many people remember this and Friendster was the
service that had massive scaling problems the idea was they were big too
quickly and it was really hard for them to scale and you know the fact
that we could kind of go college buy College in and kind of optimize the
service and make it more efficient and offer new features for make sure
that they worked. I think was really key. I mean we\'re talking my
people would never built a company before we never built any large scale
software or anything. So having that period where we could just bake it
and you know people these days like to talk about how these services
grow super quickly and Facebook did grow quickly. But I think it took a
year for us to get a million users and we thought that that was
incredibly fast. But and I think it is but it wasn\'t as quick as a lot
of things grow today and I think actually having that time to bake it
was really valuable for nearly 2000 users at Harvard.

[00：07：50]其中一件有趣的事情是，当时我不知道有多少人还记得这件事，Friendster是存在大规模缩放问题的服务，他们的想法是，他们太快了，他们很难扩大规模，你知道，我们可以在大学里买一所大学，在某种程度上优化服务让它更有效率，并提供新的功能，以确保他们的工作。我觉得真的很关键。我的意思是，我们说的是，我的人民从来不会建立一个公司之前，我们从来没有建立任何大型软件或任何东西。因此，有了这段时间，我们可以直接烘焙它，你知道，现在人们喜欢谈论这些服务是如何快速发展的，而Facebook却发展得很快。但我认为我们花了一年时间才获得了100万用户，我们认为这是非常快的。但是我认为是的，但它不是像今天很多事情发展得那么快，我认为实际上有那么多时间来烘焙它对于哈佛的近2000名用户来说是非常有价值的。

\[00:08:43\] That\'s 500 x a year. That\'s pretty fast older I think
around 4000 or 5000 undergrads at Harvard. I remember reading you that
half of them. I mean presumably we\'ll know there was two thirds or
three quarters or something in the first two weeks.

[00：08：43]那是每年500倍。这是相当快的年龄-我想哈佛大学大约有4000或5000名本科生。我记得我读过其中的一半。我的意思是，我们大概会知道在最初的两周里有三分之二或四分之三左右。

\[00:08:55\] So I mean the thing that we found was that basically we
opened it up at a school and within a couple of weeks then the vast
majority of students would it would be on the server.

[00：08：55]所以我的意思是，我们发现，基本上我们在一所学校里打开了它，在几周内，绝大多数学生都会把它放在服务器上。

\[00:09:04\] Was there a school ever that you opened it and it didn\'t
work didn\'t stick.

[00：09：04]曾经有一所学校，你开过它，但它没有工作，没有坚持。

\[00:09:09\] Some schools took longer than others depending on the size
of the school. So what we basically did was lunch at Harvard first
because I wanted it right.

[00：09：09]一些学校花的时间比其他学校长，这取决于学校的规模。所以我们主要做的是先在哈佛吃午饭，因为我想吃的对。

\[00:09:17\] And I built it for myself. I like I really wanted to use
the service and you know this is one of the ironies is I started
building Facebook because I wanted to use it in college and then I
immediately left college so I didn\'t really get to do that but just
expanded to everybody else outside.

[00：09：17]我自己造的。我喜欢我真的很想使用这个服务，你知道，这是一个讽刺，我开始建立Facebook，因为我想在大学使用它，然后我立即离开了大学，所以我没有真正做到这一点，只是扩大到其他人以外的人。

\[00:09:32\] So it worked out.

[00：09：32]所以它成功了。

\[00:09:34\] But you know so then after Harvard all these schools
started all a lot of students from other schools started writing tests
and asking for us to expand and we were looking to start a company.
Right. And I figured that eventually something like this would would
exist at large scale but you know one of the interesting juxtapositions
that was going on at the time was I remember distinctly I had this one
friend who I went and got pizza with almost every night.

[00：09：34]但是你知道吗，在哈佛大学之后，所有这些学校的学生都开始写测试，并要求我们扩大规模，我们正在寻找一家公司。右（边），正确的我想，这样的东西最终会大规模存在，但你知道，当时发生的一个有趣的并列现象是，我清楚地记得，我有一个朋友，我几乎每天晚上都和他一起去吃比萨饼。

\[00:10:02\] We did all our computer science problem sets together at
Harvard and at the time I remember talking to him about Taiwan.

[00：10：02]我们在哈佛一起做了我们所有的计算机科学问题，我记得当时我和他谈过台湾。

\[00:10:10\] I was working on this Facebook thing and I thought it would
be cool for Harvard and I really was excited about it because I wanted
to use it. But at the same time how I thought that over time someone
would definitely go build this version of this for the world. But it was
going to be so was going to be you know Microsoft or you know someone
who built the software for hundreds of millions of people who were we
were college students sorry were not qualified in any way to build this.
Now I think a lot of my takeaway from that was that we just kind of
cared more than those other companies about making it exist. So I\'ll be
back to you back kind of question and off that tangent.

[00：10：10]我在Facebook上工作，我觉得这对哈佛来说很酷，我真的很兴奋，因为我想用它。但与此同时，我是怎么想的，随着时间的推移，一定会有人为世界建造这个版本的。但情况会是这样，你知道微软，或者你知道有人为数亿人(我们是大学生)建造了这个软件，很抱歉，在任何方面都没有建立这个软件的资格。现在，我认为我对此的很多看法是，我们比其他公司更关心它的存在。所以我会回到你的问题和切线。

\[00:10:42\] The first set of schools that we launched after Harvard
were schools that had other kind of school specific social networks. I
think it was Stanford had something Columbia had something. And I think
Yale had something. So why does you choose ones that had schools
specific social network. Because you don\'t want to do competitors. Well
I wanted to go to the schools I thought would be the hardest for us to
succeed at. Because I knew that if we had a product that was better than
everything else that other students were making at other colleges then
it would be worth investing in and putting in putting time into. But I
didn\'t want to just kind of get into a project where there would end up
being this huge legacy of maintaining it if ultimately there were just
gonna be different things that were as good as it. So we thought that
this was going to be good.

[00：10：42]我们在哈佛之后创办的第一批学校是那些有其他学校特有的社交网络的学校。我想是斯坦福有哥伦比亚大学的东西。我觉得耶鲁有什么。那么，你为什么要选择那些有学校特定社交网络的人呢？因为你不想做竞争对手。嗯，我想去那些我认为是我们最难取得成功的学校。因为我知道，如果我们有一个比其他学生在其他大学做的任何东西都更好的产品，那就值得投资并投入时间。但我不想只进入这样一个项目，如果最终会有不同的东西和它一样好的话，它最终会成为维护它的巨大遗产。所以我们认为这会是件好事。

\[00:11:21\] And you know we launched it at was Yale Stanford Columbia
and.

[00：11：21]你知道我们在耶鲁、斯坦福、哥伦比亚和.

\[00:11:27\] And yeah I mean pretty quickly I think it just so you felt
probably that you could have just gone to some random school and it
would have succeeded. You chose those because they had nascent
competitors.

[00：11：27]是的，我的意思是，很快，我想你就会觉得你可能只是去了一所随机的学校，它就会成功。你选择这些是因为他们有初生的竞争对手。

\[00:11:37\] Yeah I mean I think what we saw in those schools was people
wanted to use something like this. Right.

[00：11：37]是的，我是说，我认为我们在那些学校看到的是人们想使用这样的东西。右（边），正确的

\[00:11:43\] So we just wanted to make sure that what we had was like
way better than anything else that was out there worth you know putting
time into.

[00：11：43]所以我们只是想确保我们拥有的一切比任何值得投入时间的东西都要好得多。

\[00:11:50\] Do you think. I know I read in the crimson article about
when you first launch hundreds of people sign up for new how hundreds
hundreds signed up for new Facebook Web site.

[00：11：50]你认为。我知道我在那篇深红的文章中读到过，当你第一次发布的时候，数百人注册了新的Facebook网站，而数百人注册了新的Facebook网站。

\[00:12:01\] That is not the onion that is the crimson. Sometimes hard
to distinguish Harvard students. OK.

[00：12：01]那不是洋葱，而是深红色。有时很难区分哈佛学生。好的

\[00:12:09\] So do you think though they said in this article that
Harvard the Harvard computer services people were working on a
university wide Facebook. Their problem was like they couldn\'t figure
out how to restrict information enough. Right. Do you think if that had
already existed if you had gone a couple years younger and you\'d come
to Harvard and this already exist do you think you would have ever
started Facebook.

[00：12：09]所以你认为，尽管他们在这篇文章中说，哈佛大学的计算机服务人员正在为一所大学范围的Facebook工作。他们的问题是，他们不知道如何限制足够的信息。对。如果你年轻几岁，你会不会想到如果你年轻几岁，你就会来到哈佛，而这已经存在，你会不会认为你会创建Facebook。

\[00:12:29\] I don\'t know. I mean there\'s this trend that I was
talking about before where each year people share more and more. Right.
So I think that you can kind of map out at any given point and I think
you can look at the Internet and say OK there\'s enough sharing to
support certain products right so Wikipedia came really before Facebook
because there was a smaller amount of sharing could support information
about older public entities and Reynolds right. But in order to have
enough sharing to support some basic information so you can look up
anyone and find some interesting stuff about them then that required
more sharing. So we had to be further along this curve. And you know in
a couple of years earlier someone might have been able to do something
that was more basic but a couple of years later even a couple of years
from now someone will be able to build something that is just so much
more encompassing and allows people to learn so much more about the
people around them than what is even built today. So our kind of
continual mission and job is to keep on building that next thing and I
mean that\'s what we live for at Facebook and what excites us.

[00：12：29]我不知道。我的意思是，有一种趋势，我曾经说过，每年都有越来越多的人分享。右（边），正确的所以我认为你可以在任何给定的时间点绘制地图，我认为你可以在互联网上说，有足够的共享来支持某些产品，所以维基百科在Facebook之前就出现了，因为少量的共享可以支持关于较老的公共实体和Reynolds Right的信息。但是为了有足够的共享来支持一些基本的信息，所以你可以查找任何人并找到一些关于他们的有趣的东西，这就需要更多的分享。所以我们必须沿着这条曲线走得更远。你知道，在几年前，也许有人能够做一些更基本的事情，但几年后，甚至几年后，有些人将能够建立一个更包容的东西，让人们能够更多地了解他们周围的人，而不是今天所建造的东西。因此，我们持续不断的使命和工作就是继续构建下一件事情，我的意思是，这就是我们在Facebook上生活的目的，也是我们的兴奋之处。

\[00:13:26\] So even if Harvard even if the university had built
something there would always you could have built the next thing.

[00：13：26]即使哈佛大学在那里建造了一些东西，你也可以建造下一个东西。

\[00:13:32\] Yeah. And it\'s obviously always hard to tell exactly how
things would have played out. But I mean one of the interesting things
about Facebook was it wasn\'t just a picture and some basic information
pretty quickly gave people the ability to share more stuff. Right. And
one of the early stories that I think is pretty instructive for anyone
who\'s trying to build a start up is you know we really listen to what
our users wanted to read and listening means both kind of qualitatively
listening to the words that they say and quantitatively looking at the
behaviors that they take. And at the beginning we we we had one profile
picture that you could have on on your on your profile based on what we
observed was there was this behavior where a lot of people would
everyday upload a new profile picture and you\'d take away from this was
that you know people there was this very strong demand to have a service
where people could share more photos. And it actually wasn\'t until we
had the server capacity and the engineering team bandwidths actually
built a full photo sharing service. But that\'s become obviously one of
the key parts of Facebook. I think we\'re over 3 or 400 million photos
shared a day now. So I mean it\'s pretty crazy. But you know obviously
no facebook that that any university would have built would have
supported that. Right. And you know even just like any right any
incremental thing that would have just tied whatever mugshot you have on
your your card it would have been your picture.

[00：13：32]是的。很明显，很难准确地判断事情会怎样发展。但我的意思是，Facebook的一个有趣之处在于，它不仅仅是一张照片，一些基本信息很快就让人们有了分享更多东西的能力。右（边），正确的我认为其中一个早期的故事对那些试图建立起一个新的开端的人来说是很有教育意义的，你知道我们真的在倾听我们的用户想要读的东西，而倾听意味着，无论是定性地听他们说的话，还是定量地观察他们所采取的行为，都意味着从质量上听他们说的话。一开始，我们有一张你可以在你的个人资料上看到的个人资料照片，我们观察到，有一种行为，很多人每天都会上传一张新的个人资料图片，而你会从中拿走，你知道，人们强烈要求提供一项服务，让人们可以分享更多的照片。直到我们有了服务器容量和工程团队的带宽，我们才真正建立了一个完整的照片共享服务。但这显然已经成为Facebook的关键部分之一。我想我们现在已经有三四亿张照片分享了一天。所以我是说这很疯狂。但很明显，任何一所大学都不会支持这一点。右（边），正确的你知道，就像任何权利一样，任何增量的东西都会绑住你卡上的任何一张照片，那就是你的照片。

\[00:14:48\] So they would have chosen the picture which is in the
picture. Yeah I can totally see Hoeh added in.

[00：14：48]所以他们会选择图片中的图片。是的，我完全可以看到Hoeh加入了。

\[00:14:56\] Do you remember when you first showed up in college what
you plan to do afterwards. Do you think you were going to go to graduate
school or did you think you\'re going to get a job we only got verst
went to college.

[00：14：56]你还记得你第一次出现在大学的时候，你以后打算做什么吗？你认为你是要去读研究生，还是你认为你会找到一份我们刚上过大学的工作。

\[00:15:06\] I actually was planning on being a classics major. I loved
classics and high school Latin and Greek. I just picked on it
fascinating. And my sister actually did go on and do that and now tune
in classics and we talk about this all the time is still fascinating to
me when I was in college I actually wasn\'t a computer science major I
was a psychology major. I didn\'t really get around to taking that many
classes and I left pretty quickly and I actually ended up taking more
computer science classes than then psychology classes but I was never
you know I don\'t know.

[00：15：06]事实上，我正计划成为一名经典专业的学生。我喜欢古典文学和高中拉丁文和希腊文。我只是挑了它的迷人之处。而我姐姐确实是这样做的，现在我们一直在谈论经典歌曲，这对我来说仍然很有趣，当我上大学的时候，我实际上不是计算机科学专业，我是心理学专业的学生。我没有真正参加那么多的课程，我很快就离开了，实际上我上的计算机科学课程比心理学课程还多，但我从来没有你知道我不知道。

\[00:15:38\] So you had no plan. No. I mean you\'re going to be a
barista.

[00：15：38]所以你没有计划。否我是说你会成为咖啡师。

\[00:15:42\] No I probably would have.

[00：15：42]不，我可能会的。

\[00:15:44\] I probably would have gotten an engineering job. Is my
sense and I would have gotten sucked into programming. Well I mean I
like programming and I really you know growing up I always had a lot of
respect for Microsoft and what they\'ve built and a lot of people from
Harvard go to Microsoft and went to Microsoft and I maybe I would\'ve
done that. I don\'t know. It\'s it\'s really obviously hard to say.
Later I made this bet with my sister Donna. The classics pitched to you
I was talking about before who I bet her when I was starting college
before she was that she bet me that she would finish college before me.
And I was like alright I\'ll take the bad like you know. And then after
after I dropped out I was talking to my mom and she\'s like yeah no I
always knew you would drop out of college. Thanks mom. Know that you
would zoom out of the top or fall out of the bottom. I\'d never ask.

[00：15：44]我可能会得到一份工程工作。是我的感觉，我就会沉迷于编程。嗯，我的意思是，我喜欢编程，我真的，你知道，在成长过程中，我一直很尊重微软和他们建立的东西，很多哈佛大学的人都去了微软，也许我会这么做。我不知道。很显然很难说。后来我和我妹妹唐娜打赌了。当我开始上大学的时候，我和她打赌，她一定会比我先完成大学学业。我会像你知道的那样接受坏消息。然后我退学后，我和我妈妈说话，她说：是的，不，我一直知道你会退学。谢谢妈妈。要知道你会从顶部放大或者从底部掉下来。我从没问过。

\[00:16:42\] Do you think your parents knew that you would always run
your own show.

[00：16：42]你认为你的父母知道你总是自己主持节目吗？

\[00:16:46\] Because I asked them I think they\'d probably say yes. But
yeah I want to start startups. No I mean I think that\'s actually a
really interesting part of this for me is that I mean being in a place
like this where obviously a lot of you guys are thinking about starting
these starting companies and you know for me so much of the lesson that
I feel like I\'ve learned is I feel like it\'s really hard to decide to
start a company.

[00：16：46]因为我问他们，我想他们可能会答应。但我想开始创业。不，我的意思是，我认为这对我来说是一个非常有趣的部分，我的意思是，在这样一个地方，很明显，你们中的很多人都在考虑创办这些新公司，你们知道，对我来说，我学到的很多东西是，我觉得自己很难决定创办一家公司。

\[00:17:11\] Right. You know Facebook I didn\'t start it to start a
company I started it because I really wanted this thing personally and I
believed that it should exist globally although I wasn\'t quite sure
that we would be able to play a role in doing that. And it was mostly
just through kind of like wanting to build it and having it be this
hobby and getting people around me excited that it eventually kind of
evolved into and got the momentum to become a company. But I never
really understood the psychology of deciding that you want to start a
company before you understand what you want to do. And I know that
that\'s not that that\'s different from your philosophy.

[00：17：11]对。你知道，我创建Facebook不是为了创办一家公司，而是因为我真的很想要这件事，我相信它应该在全球范围内存在，尽管我不太确定我们是否能够在这方面发挥作用。大多数情况下，就像想要建立它，让它成为我的业余爱好，让周围的人兴奋，它最终演变成一家公司，并获得了成为一家公司的动力。但我从来没有真正理解在你明白自己想要做什么之前就决定要创业的心理。我知道这和你的哲学没什么不同。

\[00:17:43\] No no. Believe me I wish we could get more people who wear
the company started them rather than Vice\'s or isn\'t one of the issues
is just that once you get back to a question of why did we why did we
first open it at colleges that had competitors.

[00：17：43]不，不。相信我，我希望我们能找到更多的穿着公司的人，而不是成立公司的人，或者说，问题之一不是，一旦你回到了一个问题，为什么我们首先在有竞争对手的大学开设这个公司？

\[00:17:56\] I have this big fear I think of getting locked into doing
things that aren\'t actually the most impactful things. To me this is
like the treat that entrepreneurs have as they just have this like laser
like ability to go find where they can have the most impact. And you
know when you take on a new project especially if you hire people or
start a company you\'re doing a project. And I mean there are other ways
they\'re obviously different ways that it can exert and all that. But I
think having the flexibility to explore a lot of different things which
you can do when you\'re in college which is one of the amazing things
about being in college is you can work on all of these hobbies and code
a lot of stuff and try a lot of different things. It\'s this amazing
flexibility that I think most people take for granted and once you
decide OK I\'m going to start a company I\'m going to do it with someone
else. You immediately now need to convince someone else if you want to
change your mind on something and I think people really undervalue the
option value and flexibility. So as I stay in college I think explore
what you want to do before committing is really like that. The key thing
and keep yourself flexible.

[00：17：56]我有一种很大的恐惧，我想我会被锁在做那些实际上并不是最有影响的事情上。对我来说，这就像企业家的待遇，就像他们拥有的激光一样，能够找到他们能产生最大影响的地方。你知道，当你开始一个新的项目时，尤其是当你雇佣员工或开始一家公司的时候，你就在做一个项目。我的意思是，有其他的方式，他们\显然是不同的方式，它可以发挥和所有这些。但是我认为，当你在大学的时候，有足够的灵活性去探索很多不同的事情，这是大学生活中令人惊奇的事情之一，那就是你可以在所有这些爱好上工作，编写很多东西，尝试很多不同的事情。这是一种令人惊讶的灵活性，我认为大多数人都认为这是理所当然的，一旦你决定好了，我就会和其他人一起创办一家公司。如果你想在某些事情上改变主意，你现在就需要马上说服别人，我认为人们真的低估了期权的价值和灵活性。所以，当我留在大学的时候，我想，在承诺之前，探索一下你想做的事情就是这样的。关键是要保持自己的灵活性。

\[00:18:55\] And I think that that\'s I agree. But I think you can do
that within the framework of a company.

[00：18：55]我认为我同意，但我认为你可以在一家公司的框架内做到这一点。

\[00:19:01\] But I think you have to be wary about starting a company
too rigidly because you\'re going to change what you do. I mean people
talk about Pivot\'s all the time as if it\'s like a dozen didn\'t you do
your thing didn\'t work. So you pivoted Facebook pivoted many times just
that you know we kind of we were college and then we were not college
and then we were just a Web site and then we were a platform right.
You\'re going to change what you do. Right.

[00：19：01]但我认为，你必须小心，不要太刻板地创办一家公司，因为你要改变你所做的事情。我的意思是，人们总是在谈论Pivot，就好像它就像一打一样-你不做你的事，没有用所以你把脸书旋转了很多次，只是你知道我们是大学，然后我们不是大学，然后我们只是一个网站，然后我们是一个平台，对。你会改变你的工作。右（边），正确的

\[00:19:23\] And we\'re going to make sure you have. There\'s another
word for the kind of pivots you\'re talking about expansion\'s help.

[00：19：23]我们会确保你有，还有另一个词，你说的是扩张的帮助。

\[00:19:29\] That\'s what people usually mean by that. Well you know.
Flexibility.

[00：19：29]这就是人们通常所说的，你知道，灵活性。

\[00:19:37\] I\'m curious when you first started. Like there\'s a
difference between making something where people sign up and making
something where people keep coming back. Yeah right. What was it you
were talking about the way you measured people\'s behavior. What was the
feature that kept people coming back to Facebook over and over again
once they created their profile.

‘

\[00:19:57\] I mean I think it really just gets down to what makes
humans human right. I mean this comes back to the my my studying
psychology and all that but the human brain is kind of uniquely wired to
process things about people.

[00：19：57]我的意思是，我认为真正的原因只是人类的人权。我的意思是，这又回到了我学习的心理学和所有的东西，但是人类的大脑有一种独特的思维方式来处理关于人的事情。

\[00:20:12\] It\'s like when I see you when I look out I see faces I
don\'t see. You know chairs or the room around people it\'s like we\'re
hardwired to think about people I mean there are whole parts of the
visual cortex that just process the slightest kind of micro movements of
your face to process emotion and this is like what people are and what
fascinates them and it\'s how we how we process the world actually I
heard the study recently that I think is interesting which is that most
humans if you if you take an MRI when they\'re dreaming they dream about
social interactions and humans are the only animal that does that. So
no. OK. But there was no service online that I mean when I when I
thought about the Internet before Facebook there were all these things
that I thought Google and search engines were amazing. You can type in
something and get access to any information that you wanted but you
couldn\'t learn about the people around you. Right. Because most of that
information isn\'t public and just out there ready to be indexed by some
search engine. So there had to be a service that gave people the power
to share the things that they wanted and control it in the way that they
wanted. And Facebook did that and I think that it\'s not a one one
definition of technology that I think is interesting as it extends some
natural human capacity. Right.

[00：20：12]就像当我看到你的时候，当我向外看时，我看到的是我看不到的面孔。你知道，椅子或周围的房间-就像我们对人一成不变的思考-我的意思是，视觉皮层的整个部分只是处理你面部最细微的细微运动来处理情绪，这就像是人们是什么人，什么东西让他们着迷，这就是我们对待世界的方式-我最近听到了一项研究，我认为。有趣的是，大多数人，如果你做核磁共振成像，当他们做梦的时候，他们会梦到社交互动，而人类是唯一这样做的动物。所以没有。好的但没有任何在线服务，我的意思是，当我想到Facebook之前的互联网时，我觉得谷歌和搜索引擎都很棒。你可以输入一些东西，访问你想要的任何信息，但是你不能了解周围的人。右（边），正确的因为大部分的信息都不是公开的，只是外面的一些搜索引擎已经准备好索引了。所以必须有一种服务，让人们能够分享他们想要的东西，并以他们想要的方式来控制它。Facebook做到了这一点，我认为这并不是一个我认为有趣的技术定义，因为它扩展了一些自然的人类能力。右（边），正确的

\[00:21:22\] So glasses or contacts extend your ability to see where
Steve Jobs once famously compared a computer to being a bicycle for your
mind. Right. And basically extending your ability to think and I mean
the word computer is the Latin thing together. Right.

[00：21：22]因此，眼镜或联系人扩大了你看史蒂夫·乔布斯(SteveJobs)曾经把电脑比作头脑中的自行车的能力。右（边），正确的基本上扩展了你的思考能力，我的意思是，计算机这个词是拉丁语的统称。右（边），正确的

\[00:21:38\] So it\'s like you\'re you\'re thinking together the a
social network I think extends people\'s very real social capacity. I
mean you hear all these approximations I mean there\'s this famous
Dunbar\'s number. Humans have the capacity to maintain empathetic
relationships with about 150 people communities about 150 people.

[00：21：38]所以这就像你们在一起思考一个社交网络，我认为它扩展了人们非常真实的社交能力。我的意思是，你听到了所有这些近似，我的意思是，有一个著名的邓巴的数字。人类有能力与大约150人保持移情关系-社区约150人。

\[00:21:56\] I think Facebook extends that when you see how others have
that within Facebook by the way do you see certain things that stop it
150.

[00：21：56]我认为Facebook扩展了它，当你看到其他人是如何在Facebook中拥有它的时候，你会看到某些阻止它的东西吗？

\[00:22:03\] Naturally when people sign up the average amount of friends
that they get is around 150 but then over time it can expand and you can
keep in touch and stay in touch with many more people. So I think it\'s
so given that I actually think one of the lessons from that is I do
something that\'s fundamental right. I mean I think a lot of people in a
lot of the companies that I see are operating on on small problems.
Right. And it\'s cool if you want to be an entrepreneur and solve what
you\'re primarily trying to do is build a company and solve some
tangible problem. But but I think that the most interesting things
operate on this phenomenon in the world which are really just
fundamental to how humans or the world operate.

[00：22：03]当然，当人们注册朋友的平均数量在150左右，但随着时间的推移，它可以扩大，你可以保持联系，并与更多的人保持联系。所以我认为它是如此的，考虑到我实际上认为其中的一个教训是，我做了一些基本权利的事情。我的意思是，我认为很多公司里的很多人都在处理一些小问题。右（边），正确的如果你想成为一名企业家，并解决你主要想做的事情，那就是建立一家公司，解决一些实实在在的问题，这是很酷的。但我认为，世界上最有趣的事情是关于这个现象的，这是人类或世界如何运作的根本。

\[00:22:40\] So what you did with something that was fundamental for a
small market and then used to expand the market from beyond Harvard
students to everyone but Harvard students who are sufficiently like.

[00：22：40]所以你所做的事情对于一个小市场来说是基本的，然后用来把市场从哈佛学生扩大到每个人，除了哈佛学生。

\[00:22:49\] Well it was. GROSS Yeah it was fundamental for me. Right
it\'s like I like I felt this need really acutely I really wanted this
certain and so yeah. And then I think it just I mean that\'s one of the
things that I think we were lucky about in kind of the expansion of the
market was that it turned out that this wasn\'t something that was just
for college students. Almost everyone in the world has friends and
family and want to stay in touch with those people. So it ended up being
a pretty ubiquitous service.

[00：22：49]是的。恶心，是的，对我来说是最基本的。是的，就像我觉得这是非常迫切的需要，我真的很想这样肯定，所以是的。然后我想，我的意思是，这是我认为我们幸运的事情之一，在某种程度上，市场的扩张是，事实证明，这并不仅仅是对大学生而言的事情。世界上几乎每个人都有朋友和家人，并希望与这些人保持联系。因此，它最终成为了一项相当普遍的服务。

\[00:23:12\] In retrospect this is a bit of a controversial question
perhaps but in retrospect do you think MySpace had a chance once you
started and you got all the college students and the college deans are
arguably like the center of gravity socially right. You own all the
college students. It feels like you know from the point you start
expanding out of Harvard MySpace might not have known it. Maybe you
didn\'t even know it but it seems like in retrospect they were doomed.
You know I don\'t.

[00：23：12]回想起来，这也许是一个有争议的问题，但回想起来，你是否认为MySpace在你一开始就有机会，你让所有的大学生和大学院长都可以说是社会权利的重心。你拥有所有的大学生。就像你知道，从你开始从哈佛扩展到MySpace的那一刻起，你可能就不知道了。也许你甚至不知道，但回想起来，他们注定了。你知道我不知道。

\[00:23:39\] I don\'t see it that way actually. They could have won.

[00：23：39]我不这么看，他们本来可以赢的。

\[00:23:42\] No it\'s not about winning and losing it\'s about doing
something that\'s valuable. Right. There were more than one more than
one social network.

[00：23：42]不，这不是输赢，而是做一些有价值的事情。对，不止一个社交网络。

\[00:23:51\] Not very many.

[00：23：51]不多。

\[00:23:53\] I mean my view the world is that almost every product in
category is going to get transformed and reimagined to be social. So
there were things that MySpace did that Facebook has never done. You
know MySpace I think was it was a much better service early on for
meeting new people right. Facebook was never primarily about meeting new
people it was about staying connected with the people that you knew and
kind of mapping out the real relationships that existed. Now I think
part of the issue is the source growing and they felt threatened by that
and tried to copy what we were doing and that\'s like you\'re never
going to win that way. Why is that. I mean I think of all these
interesting social services and apps that are getting built today. I
mean think of all the new apps that you guys install on your phones.
There are so many interesting things in there. Eight out of the top
10U.S. apps plug into Facebook. 50 percent of the top 400 apps plug into
Facebook. They\'re all kind of socially integrated and in these ways.
But companies that are getting started now that are just trying to copy
the stuff that that the other companies are doing just aren\'t aren\'t
successful. By the way how we do it for time is anybody in charge of
time.

[00：23：53]我的意思是，我的观点是，世界上几乎所有的产品都会被改造和改造成社会产品。因此，Facebook从未做过MySpace做过的一些事情。你知道，我的空间，我认为这是一个更好的服务，在早期认识新的人是对的。Facebook从来都不是为了结识新的人，而是要与你认识的人保持联系，并勾勒出存在的真正的人际关系。现在我认为问题的一部分是来源的增长，他们感到受到威胁，并试图复制我们正在做的事情，这就好像你永远不会那样赢。那是为什么。我的意思是，我想到所有这些有趣的社会服务和应用程序，正在建设今天。我是说，想想你们在手机上安装的所有新应用。里面有很多有趣的东西。在美国排名前十的应用程序中，有八款进入了Facebook。在前400名应用中，有50%的应用程序插入了Facebook。他们都融入了社会，在这些方面。但是，那些现在才刚刚起步的公司，只是试图模仿其他公司正在做的事情，却并不成功。顺便说一句，我们是如何为时间做这件事的，谁都是时间的掌权者。

\[00:25:00\] 12 27. What time do we start. A few more minutes. All
right. We\'ll ask you a few more questions. So you think do you think
MySpace could have survived if they had gone off into some marginal
territory like how do you do it all.

[00：25：00]12 27。我们什么时候开始。再等几分钟。好的我们会再问你几个问题，所以你认为如果他们进入一些边缘地区，比如你是怎么做到的，你认为MySpace还能存活下来吗？

\[00:25:13\] Somehow I think that there is a real value in the world.
People have a fundamental need I think to stay connected with the people
they know. And I think people have many fundamental needs to meet new
people and expand their horizons as well. And that\'s never been the
primary problem that Facebook is trying to solve. And I think it\'s
something that we can do. It\'s something that someone else could do
using our platform or that someone else can do using it building it
independently and you know I never bought the music thing for MySpace.
So I mean they they you kind of always say that they were a music
service. I\'m not sure why did they do that. I don\'t know if you have
to ask them but.

[00：25：13]不知何故，我认为世界上有一种真正的价值。人们有一个基本的需要，我认为与他们认识的人保持联系。我认为，人们有许多基本的需求，以满足新的人，并扩大他们的视野。这从来就不是Facebook试图解决的首要问题。我认为这是我们可以做的事情。这是别人可以用我们的平台做的事情，或者是其他人可以独立使用的东西，你知道我从来没有为MySpace买过音乐。所以我的意思是，他们你总是说他们是一家音乐服务公司。我不知道他们为什么这么做。我不知道你是否要问他们，但是。

\[00:25:49\] Maybe they can\'t.

[00：25：49]也许他们不能。

\[00:25:49\] They counted on bands to spam their fans or something like
that. That\'s that\'s a powerful force in the world. So. Before we go I
want to ask you about how you ended up out here. Do you. What was what
was the sort of how did how did you end up in that house in Palo Alto.
Was it something you decided at the last minute. I don\'t actually
remember.

[00：25：49]他们指望乐队给他们的粉丝发垃圾邮件或诸如此类的东西。那是世界上一股强大的力量。所以，在我们走之前，我想问你是如何来到这里的。是吗。你是怎样在帕洛阿尔托的那所房子里结束的。这是你在最后一刻决定的事情吗？我真的不记得了。

\[00:26:11\] You know I remember bits of the story but you know so first
I wrote the first version of Facebook. January of 2004 and released in
February. And the reason why I did in January was was because at the
time Harvard had this intersession thing. It\'s kind of weird. I think
that they don\'t have that reading period anymore. I think they\'ve
changed it.

[00：26：11]你知道我记得故事的一些细节，但你知道，所以首先我写了Facebook的第一个版本。2004年1月，2月发布。我在一月份这么做的原因是因为当时哈佛大学有这样的闭会期间的事情。这有点奇怪。我想他们已经没有那个阅读时间了。我想他们已经改变了。

\[00:26:33\] So now we know now is that all you know now because they
try to kick out everyone who starts anything interesting there. But but
that\'s. Why.

[00：26：33]现在我们知道的是，你们现在所知道的一切，是因为他们试图驱逐那些在那里开始任何有趣事情的人。但那是.为什么。

\[00:26:47\] I think that I think that they\'re actually trying to
change that. But. But it is striking. So now they admit it.

[00：26：47]我认为他们实际上是在试图改变这种状况。但是。但这是惊人的。所以现在他们承认了这一点。

\[00:26:56\] I think so finals are. Before you go away for holidays but
they had this thing before where in January you basically just have this
dead month where you could study for finals so you could study for five
series but hypothetically you could you could study for finals.

[00：26：56]我认为期末考试是这样的。在你去度假之前，他们有这样的事情，在一月份，你基本上只有一个死胡同，你可以学习期末考试，所以你可以学习五个系列，但假设你可以学习期末考试。

\[00:27:12\] I wondered when I sort we started in January it was
starting and reading period. And it was because you had this time where
you weren\'t too busy with stuff.

[00：27：12]我在想，当我在一月份开始排序的时候，它是开始和阅读的时期。这是因为你这一次不太忙。

\[00:27:18\] Yeah although I actually I probably should have been
studying there\'s this other story that I think is very funny which is I
was taking this course room of Agustus and it was it was one of the core
curriculum classes that we had in the final was that these pieces of art
that you study throughout the class and then they give you some on the
final day they show you some of the pieces of art you have to write
about the historical significance of them and you know I hadn\'t really
done much of the reading in the class.

是的，尽管我实际上应该学习这个故事，但我觉得另一个非常有趣的故事是，我正在上阿古斯都的这门课，这是我们期末的核心课程之一，就是你在全班学习的这些艺术品，然后他们在最后一天给你一些。他们向你展示了一些你必须写的关于它们的历史意义的作品，你知道我在课堂上没有做太多的阅读。

\[00:27:47\] I mostly just spent my time programming and building stuff
that I enjoyed. And you know I could have used reading period to study
for this but instead a spent reading building Facebook. So instead what
I did was I\'m I hacked together this Web site where I went and
downloaded from the court\'s website the 200 or so images that we\'re
going to be potentially on the final. And I just built this very simple
page the site where it showed one of the images and then you could
contribute what you thought was significant about it and then you can
see what other people thought was significant about it.

[00：27：47]我大部分时间只是花在编程和制作我喜欢的东西上。你知道，我本可以利用阅读时间来研究这个问题，而不是花了很多时间在Facebook上阅读。所以我所做的是，我黑了这个网站，我去了那里，从法庭的网站下载了大约200张我们可能会出现在决赛中的图片。我刚刚创建了一个非常简单的页面，它展示了其中的一张图片，然后你可以贡献出你认为重要的东西，然后你就可以看到其他人对它有什么重要的看法。

\[00:28:19\] And then and then you could go next and pull up a random
one and then I emailed it to the classlessness Okay guys I built a study
tool if you wanted to find this interesting.

[00：28：19]然后你就可以随便找出一个随机的，然后我发邮件给无班学生，好吧，伙计们，如果你们想找到这个有趣的东西的话，我做了一个学习工具。

\[00:28:27\] And then everyone just populated this thing for me. And it
was wonderful. And the professor after that thing mentioned that the
greed\'s on the final had never been higher before. So. So yes it\'s
crowdsourced studying so yeah.

[00：28：27]然后每个人都给我装了这个东西。真是太棒了。在那之后的教授提到，期末考试的贪婪程度从来没有这么高过。所以，是的，这是众包式的研究，是的。

\[00:28:50\] And you know a lot of interesting social dynamics that you
can apply to almost any category that you choose to build for. But yeah
so it\'s I built I build the first version in January. Some of the time
I was at Harvard. Supposed to be studying. I actually went and visited a
couple of friends or one who was at Stanford and one who is out at
Caltech. And at the time I had never really been out to California
before.

[00：28：50]你知道很多有趣的社会动态，你可以把它应用到你所选择的任何类别中。但是的，所以我在一月份建造了第一个版本。有些时候我在哈佛。应该是在学习。实际上我去拜访了几个朋友，或者一个在斯坦福，一个在加州。而在那个时候，我从来没有真正去过加州。

\[00:29:17\] And you went in January and January. And what did you
think.

[00：29：17]你在一月和一月去了。你是怎么想的。

\[00:29:19\] Well you know I remember you know coming in to the food at
SFO and was driving down one to one and I saw these buildings for all
these companies like wow this is like where these technology companies
these technology companies come from this is amazing.

[00：29：19]嗯，你知道，我记得你知道你走进SFO的食物，开着一辆接一辆的车，我看到了这些公司的建筑，哇，这些科技公司就是从这里来的，真是太棒了。

\[00:29:33\] And and then just like oh the weather also was awesome and
I remember I had been at Harvard for freshman year and I stayed there
for the summer and then sophomore year. So by the time that sophomore
summer kind of came around my friends and I were just like Okay well
let\'s let\'s go somewhere else. Right. And let\'s rent a place in
California. So we decided to get a place in Palo Alto and the idea the
time wasn\'t that we actually were not thinking about moving to
California or dropping out the actually the actual thought that had
crossed that there was in our mind. It\'ll be neat to be around some of
these other great companies that are getting built. One day maybe you
will find something that will build a company out of. But surely this
isn\'t it. And so we went out to California and Dharm and we just I
remember this conversation where one day Dustin pulled me aside and was
like you know we\'re getting to have a lot of users and where we are
have an increasing number of servers we have no ops guy.

然后，就像哦，天气也很棒，我记得我在哈佛大学读了一年，我在那里待了一个夏天，然后是大二。所以，当大二的夏天来临的时候，我的朋友们和我一样，好吧，我们去别的地方吧。右（边），正确的我们在加州租个地方吧。所以我们决定在帕洛阿尔托找到一个地方，当时的想法不是，我们实际上没有考虑搬到加利福尼亚，也没有放弃我们脑海中所想的实际想法。与其他一些正在建设的伟大公司在一起，这将是一件很棒的事情。也许有一天，你会找到一些东西来建立一个公司。但这肯定不是。所以我们去了加州和达姆沙姆，我们只记得有一天达斯汀把我拉到一边，你知道我们有很多用户，我们有越来越多的服务器，我们没有行动人员。

\[00:30:31\] It\'s a weird the ops guy and and this was before kind of
easy to write so you didn\'t have to. So you had to do more to manage
manage your your own servers at that point and just like you know this
is this is really hard.

[00：30：31]这家伙很奇怪，以前写起来很容易，所以你就不用写了。所以你必须做更多的事情来管理你自己的服务器，就像你知道的那样，这真的很难。

\[00:30:44\] I don\'t think that we can do this and take a full course
load so let\'s say Harvard does this policy where you can take as much
time as you want off from school.

[00：30：44]我不认为我们能做到这一点，并承担一个完整的课程负荷，所以让我们假设哈佛执行这个政策，你可以花你想要的多少时间离开学校。

\[00:30:53\] So why don\'t we just take one term off and then just try
to get it under control and build the rulings that way we can go back
for spring semester and run it more autonomously and will grow and
we\'ll be able to run more autonomously. So we did that and of course we
raised money from Peter Tioba we told him the plan right and kind of
explained what you told him you might go back to school. Yeah I think he
didn\'t believe us but.

[00：30]那么，为什么我们不休息一学期，然后试着控制它，建立规则，这样我们就可以回到春季学期，更加自主地运行它，我们就能更自主地运行了。所以我们做到了，当然我们从彼得·蒂巴那里筹到了钱，我们告诉他这个计划是正确的，并且解释了你告诉他你可能会回到学校。是的，我想他不相信我们，但是。

\[00:31:15\] You know where you want to work my life just this long
history of people thinking I was going to drop out.

[00：31：15]你知道你想在哪里工作，我的生活就是这么长的历史，人们认为我要退学了。

\[00:31:20\] Well before I did but.

[00：31：20]早在我这么做之前。

\[00:31:24\] So then you know spring term came along and you know we
hadn\'t quite built the tooling and automation so you know let\'s take
another term off and then finally at some point we we just figured that
we were that we were out there. But by then I mean we had millions of
users.

[00：31：24]那么你知道春天这个词出现了，你知道我们还没有完全建立起工具和自动化，所以让我们再休息一段时间，最后在某个时候，我们发现我们已经存在了。但是我的意思是我们有数百万的用户。

\[00:31:39\] So you didn\'t definitely decide not to go back home until
you had millions of users. Yeah.

[00：31：39]所以直到你有了数以百万计的用户，你才决定不回家。是的。

\[00:31:44\] Wow I think I could still go back Harvard Harvard does this
policy where you can go back for as long as you want.

[00：31：44]哇，我想我还能回到哈佛，做这个政策，你可以想回去多久就回去多久。

\[00:31:50\] Whatever their policy was I\'m sure they would bend the
rules. In your case. Are we are we done or are we over. Is there anybody
watching the time. We have to go to market as a wedding. Yes I do.

[00：31：50]不管他们的政策是什么，我确信他们会改变规则。在你的情况下。我们结束了吗？还是我们结束了。有没有人在看时间。我们必须去市场举行婚礼。是的。

\[00:32:02\] It\'s actually the guy who I who I said before I used to go
to pizza with him every almost every night. We were doing our CSI
problems. That\'s what he is he joined Facebook and we\'re really good
friends and he\'s getting married right after this. So I have to go and
run off to that. But thank you guys.


[00：32：02]实际上是我以前说过的那个人，以前我几乎每天晚上都和他一起去吃比萨饼。我们在做CSI的问题。这就是他加入Facebook的原因，我们是真正的好朋友，他在这之后马上就要结婚了。所以我得走了。但是谢谢你们。

