**Ron Conway at Startup School 2012-1z87RGFGuxQ.mp4**

*RonConway，2012-1z87RGFGuxQ.mp4*

\[00:00:00\] The funny thing is we\'re we\'re sitting in the back seeing
which switch stories can we tell in which ones are too secret because
for every wrong who is like an iceberg for every story. Where were you
where you hear how he saved the day. There\'s a bunch where you can
never tell how he saved the day he was ever seen Pulp Fiction sort of
like the Wolf. He\'s clean cleaned a lot of brains off the back wins
windows and cars.

[00：00]有趣的是，我们坐在后面，看哪些故事太秘密了，因为对于每一个错误，谁就像每一个故事的冰山。你在哪里听说他救了我。有一群人，你永远不知道他是如何拯救了他曾经被看到的纸浆小说，有点像“狼”。他干干净净地洗了很多后脑勺，赢得了窗户和汽车。

\[00:00:27\] He laughs nervously but does not contradict me. So Ron and
Ron like officially Ron is ASV angel right.

[00：00：27]他紧张地笑着，但没有反驳我。所以罗恩和罗恩就像正式的罗恩一样，是ASV天使对吧。

\[00:00:38\] You are the limited partners. Something like that of SB
angel.

[00：00：38]你们是有限合伙人。就像某人的天使。

\[00:00:41\] I\'m not a managing partner. David Leighs the managing
partner because I don\'t like being a fiduciary. I am just the largest
investor.

[00：00：41]我不是管理合伙人，大卫·雷伊是执行合伙人，因为我不喜欢做信托人，我只是最大的投资者。

\[00:00:50\] But officially Ron Conway doesn\'t invest in your company
worthS.V. angel investor right. So if you ever see that in a cap table
that\'s that\'s Ranko.

[00：50]但根据官方说法，罗恩·康威并不是投资于你的公司，是个天使投资者。所以，如果你在帽桌上看到这点，那就是兰科。

\[00:00:59\] So how many startups have you funded now since 1994. About
six hundred and fifty 1994.

[00：00：59]自1994年以来，你资助了多少家初创公司？大约六百五十个1994年。

\[00:01:08\] How many and we\'re not born yet in 1994. It\'s not that
many 650 including Can you name some of the more successful ones.

[00：01：08]有多少人和我们还没有在1994年出生。还没有那么多650人，你能说出其中一些更成功的人吗？

\[00:01:21\] Ask Jeeves was the first. A good quality event that we had
Google Facebook Twitter page how Pinterest.

[00：01：21]问吉夫斯是第一个。一个高质量的事件，我们有谷歌Facebook Twitter页面如何Pinterest。

\[00:01:30\] OK. You\'re doing pretty well.

[00：01：30]好的。你做得很好。

\[00:01:33\] And then and then the see companies air BMV and Dropbox.
The way I see companies that are already getting very big scale.

[00：01：33]然后看公司的航空BMV和Dropbox。在我看来，已经有了很大规模的公司。

\[00:01:43\] How did you how did you get into this. You started out as a
founder yourself right back when startups made computers. Right.

[00：01：43]你是怎么弄到这件事的。当创业公司制造电脑的时候，你开始是一个创立者。右（边），正确的

\[00:01:52\] Even though I don\'t invest in hardware today the company
that I cofounded was Alto\'s computer back in the late 70s and we ended
up taking their company public in 1982 and and my experience at Alto\'s
plus two other startups that I cofounded is what gives me such respect
for what entrepreneurs go through. The theme all day is that hey it\'s
not easy it\'s it\'s actually hard. I know that because I did it it was
even harder then in a lot of ways. You\'re raising money stories. Yes.
Back in 0 back in the late 70s in order to get venture capital you had
to have high growth and be profitable if you weren\'t you didn\'t even
qualify.

[00：01：52]尽管我今天不投资硬件，但我共同创立的公司是20世纪70年代末的Alto电脑，我们最终在1982年将他们的公司上市，而我在阿尔托公司(Alto‘s)的经历，再加上我共同创立的另外两家初创公司，让我对企业家的经历产生了如此的尊重。整天的主题是，嘿，这不容易，实际上很难。我知道，因为我做到了，在很多方面甚至更难。你在筹钱。是回到70年代末的0，为了获得风险投资，你必须有高增长，如果你没有资格的话，你就能盈利。

\[00:02:48\] So why did people take venture capital profitable and
growing fast. Well in the case of Alto it was a hardware company.

[00：02：48]那么，为什么人们会拿风险投资赚钱，而且增长很快。就阿尔托而言，那是一家硬件公司。

\[00:02:56\] So we had a lot of cost of goods and marketing. And so we
wanted to build a war chest to keep building the business.

[00：02：56]所以我们的商品和营销成本很高。所以我们想要建立一个战争基金来继续建立业务。

\[00:03:06\] Okay.

[00：03：06]好的。

\[00:03:07\] So that in fact Da Vinci was Don Valentine from Sequoia who
you know is really I think the patron saint of venture capital patron.

[00：03：07]事实上，达·芬奇是红杉的唐·瓦伦丁，你知道吗，我认为他是风投赞助人的守护神。

\[00:03:18\] He\'s retired now. What was. What\'s changed about startups
since then.

[00：03：18]他现在退休了。从那以后，创业公司发生了什么变化？

\[00:03:27\] Well I I think it\'s I\'d rather talk about what\'s not
changed.

[00：03：27]嗯，我想我宁愿说什么没有改变。

\[00:03:33\] OK sure. That was going to be my next question. Oh yes.

[00：03：33]好的。这将是我的下一个问题。哦，是的。

\[00:03:37\] Because what\'s not changed is what Jessica talked about
which is you have to have determination and conviction. You have to be a
leader. You know what has changed is in the workplace people drink less
at Alto\'s.

[00：03：37]因为杰西卡所说的没有改变，那就是你必须有决心和信念。你必须成为一个领导者。你知道，在工作场所，人们在阿尔托喝得更少。

\[00:04:01\] That\'s not what I thought you were going to buy in the
back of my mind.

[00：04：01]那不是我以为你会在我脑子里买的东西。

\[00:04:03\] I\'ve been saying hey wait a minute I want to answer the
question about what has changed at Alto\'s. We had a CFO who is in her
60s and at five o\'clock everyday she would wheel around the booze cart
everyone would have a drink chit chat for a little bit. It wasn\'t even
a happy hour. It was a happy 10 minutes. But then it motivated everyone
to stay till 9 or 10 o\'clock at night. Now our Modou are kind of a
model was work hard and play hard.

‘我们有一位60多岁的首席财务官，每天五点左右，她会在酒车里转来转去，每个人都会喝一杯，聊一聊。那不是一个快乐的时刻。这是一个快乐的10分钟。但它激励着每个人在晚上9点或10点之前。现在，我们的MOMOU是一种模式，是努力工作和娱乐的。

\[00:04:38\] And at the same time Yeah we actually we did it via
multitasking I think the startup\'s today know how to segment a little
better and they have happy hour at the on a Friday instead of everyday
instead of everyday. So what else is changing besides breaking.

[00：04：38]同时，是的，我们实际上是通过多任务完成的，我认为这家初创公司今天知道如何分割得更好一些，他们在周五而不是每天都有快乐时光。那么除了休息之外，还有什么变化呢？

\[00:05:00\] Well I think what has not changed is is the fact that once
you you have to focus on growth. Back in the hardware days you didn\'t
have to focus. In my opinion on product or consumer satisfaction is much
interesting. Yeah it was more like you know Ship Ship Ship and get it
out and if it doesn\'t work take it back and fix it because hardware was
so hard to ship that if you could ship at all.

[00：05：00]我认为没有改变的是，一旦你必须专注于增长。在硬件时代，你不需要集中精力。在我看来，对产品或消费者满意度的看法非常有趣。是的，这更像是你了解船，把它拿出来，如果它不起作用，就把它拿回去修理，因为硬件太难出货了，如果你能出货的话。

\[00:05:31\] That was consumer satisfaction. Exactly. Customers were
happy just to get it back at the end of it if it didn\'t work.

[00：05：31]那是消费者的满意。一点儿没错如果它不起作用的话，顾客们很乐意在它结束的时候把它拿回来。

\[00:05:38\] We had this big RMV department return material
authorizations. But today what\'s changed. And now whileS.V. ángela the
best decision I ever made in 1994 was only to invest in Internet
software in 1994 in 1994 so I think hardware scarred me. But but that
was the best decision I ever made is that in 94 thinking this thing
called the Internet is going to be really disruptive.

[00：05：38]我们有一个很大的RMV部门退回材料授权书。但今天，一切都变了。而现在，S.V.ángela，1994年我做过的最好的决定，只是在1994年投资于互联网软件，所以我认为硬件让我受伤了。但这是我做过的最好的决定，在94年的时候，我认为这个叫做互联网的东西会带来很大的破坏。

\[00:06:12\] Back then like 1984. It probably meant the Internet not the
web like the web sort of existed.

[00：06：12]那时就像1984年。它可能意味着互联网，而不是像网络那样存在的网络。

\[00:06:17\] Had you heard of it when you decided to go into Internet
investing back in 1990 were you thinking like FPP in e-mail. Well it
would be it would be more like people would say TCAP IP.

[00：06：17]当你在1990年决定投资互联网的时候，你听说过吗？你在电子邮件中想过像FPP那样的想法吗？更像是人们会说TCAPIP。

\[00:06:30\] Yeah as often as they would say the Internet. And I
remember it as TCAP IP at the time but in the end people would talk
about email but know they\'d have to explain what e-mail was.

[00：06：30]是的，就像他们常说的互联网一样。我记得当时它是TCAP IP，但最终人们会谈论电子邮件，但他们知道他们必须解释电子邮件是什么。

\[00:06:44\] It was this protocol on TCAP IP.

[00：06：44]这是TCAP IP上的协议。

\[00:06:49\] So you sort of didn\'t get in at the ground floor of an
idiot investor and you got it in a basement or in the basement go up say
yes to the lowly went up the stairs to the to the first floor. How did
you like that was a really good decision. It turns out to get into
Internet investing in 1994. But like why did how did you do that.

[00：06：49]所以你不是在一个白痴投资者的底层，而是在地下室或者地下室，对那些下贱的人说“是”，然后爬到第一层。你觉得这是一个很好的决定。结果是在1994年进入了互联网投资。但就像你为什么要这么做一样。

\[00:07:08\] Well I was in CO investing with Ben Rosen at the time after
founding a couple of companies I discovered because I started dabbling
in angel investing that I really enjoyed mentoring entrepreneurs more
than being the entrepreneur or myself. So in 94 is when I sold my second
company and went home and told my wife hey you know I found a new job
and she said I didn\'t know you were looking. And I said Yeah I\'m going
to do this angel investing for the rest of my life.

[00：07：08]在我创立了几家公司后，我在CO投资公司工作，因为我开始涉足天使投资，我更喜欢指导企业家，而不是作为企业家或我自己。所以，在94年，我卖掉了第二家公司，回家告诉我的妻子嘿，你知道我找到了一份新工作，她说我不知道你在找什么。我说，是的，我要做这位天使投资一辈子。

\[00:07:44\] What did she think of that. Did she know what she was
getting into.

[00：07：44]她是怎么想的。她知道她在做什么吗。

\[00:07:47\] She\'s always thought it was crazy so she thinks I\'m crazy
today. But but.

[00：07：47]她总是认为这很疯狂，所以她认为我今天疯了。但是。

\[00:07:56\] I sat with Ben Rosen who is then the chairman of Compaq.
Ben lives in New York and we said. Innovation is all about growth. So we
said let\'s just find a sector that\'s growing like crazy or is going to
grow like crazy and be disruptive because innovation is disruptive. And
we said hey let\'s let\'s just throw all in on the internet so our only
rural is Internet software and off we went in sitting here today still
only Internet software. Now the market\'s gotten huge. I still think
we\'re in the infancy on the internet though I\'ve been saying this
since 1994 I believe it more than ever. Just add a little touch of
e-commerce on top of the Internet and you\'re talking about you know an
opportunity that\'s as big as all the Internet today especially with
with Facebook an open graph helping companies go find their customers
and Pinterest will probably be an effect fact I\'ll quote the
monetization guy on twitter. I won\'t even take the risk of misquoting
but the monetization guy at Twitter told me a couple of weeks ago he
goes a Twitter is on a tear. Now you know like Google and Facebook once
they get to stride you know Twitter\'s got a really nice growth rate now
took awhile more than normal revenue growth revenue growth. Okay this is
about revenue growth and this guy said to me it will never grow like
Pinterest was once they decide to monetize because they will be an
e-commerce engine like never before and they\'ll there\'ll be many other
companies like that that take advantage of e-commerce. So it\'s it\'s
early days.

[00：07：56]我和当时担任康柏公司主席的本·罗森坐在一起。本住在纽约我们说。创新就是增长。所以我们说，让我们找到一个正在疯狂成长的行业，或者是一个疯狂的行业，因为创新是颠覆性的。我们说，嘿，让我们把一切都投入到互联网上吧，所以我们唯一的农村是互联网软件，今天我们坐在这里，仍然只有互联网软件。现在市场变得很大。我仍然认为我们在互联网上还处于起步阶段，尽管我从1994年就开始这么说了，我比以往任何时候都更相信这一点。只要在互联网上加上一点电子商务，你就会知道一个机会和今天所有的互联网一样大，特别是在Facebook上，一个开放的图表帮助公司找到他们的客户，Pinterest可能会成为一个影响的事实，我会在Twitter上引用这个赚钱的家伙的话。我甚至不愿意冒错误引用的风险，但Twitter的货币化者几周前告诉我，他去推特(Twitter)是一滴眼泪。现在你知道了，就像谷歌和Facebook一样，一旦他们开始大步前进，你就知道Twitter的增长速度非常好，现在的增长速度要比正常的收入增长要花上一段时间。好吧，这是关于收入增长的，这个人对我说，Pinterest公司永远不会像Pinterest那样，决定赚钱，因为他们将成为一个前所未有的电子商务引擎，他们还会有许多像这样的公司利用电子商务。所以现在还早呢。

\[00:09:53\] That\'s encouraging. Yeah I couldn\'t be more and you agree
with you agree with Ben Horowitz there\'s still stuff left here and lots
of lots. So what are the biggest. What are the biggest misses you\'ve
had. You remember some big ones you missed.

[00：09：53]这很鼓舞人心。是的，我不能再多了，你也同意本·霍洛维茨的观点，这里还有很多东西，还有很多。那么最大的是什么。你错过的最大的是什么。你还记得一些你错过的大的。

\[00:10:08\] Well yes. This is in 1998 99 when the bubble was starting
to take effect and I thought 30 million dollar valuation
forSalesforce.com was a little too high. It\'s 21 billion today. Pandora
Pandora. I had just gotten out of Napster Napster fire and finally had
to declare bankruptcy because of all the egos in the world and in the
music world. I don\'t think it\'s just egos in them. I wish. And so I
was I was hedging on the music space so for that reason I didn\'t invest
in Pandora Palin Teer could have injured invested there didn\'t
understand the size of the market even though we invest in the
entrepreneur first. In the case of Pandora you know I made a dumb move
and said hey I\'m not sure I get how big that market is. Kickstarter we
could have invested in it in early as well didn\'t really get what. What
crowdsourcing was. And look at that space today. It\'s it\'s the
lifeblood for a lot of startups and we have the. The jobs act that takes
the legal confusion out of crowdsourcing.

[00：10：08]是的。这是在1998年99年泡沫开始生效的时候，我认为Salesforce.com 3000万美元的估值有点太高了。今天是210亿。潘多拉。我刚刚从纳普斯特大火中解脱出来，最后因为世界上和音乐世界里所有的自我，我不得不宣布破产。我不认为这只是他们的自我。我希望。因此，我在音乐领域进行对冲，因此我没有投资潘多拉·佩林·蒂尔(Pandora Palin Teer)，这可能会伤害我在那里的投资，他不了解市场的规模，尽管我们首先投资的是企业家。在潘多拉的例子中，你知道我做了一个愚蠢的举动，说：嘿，我不确定我是否知道这个市场有多大。Kickstarter，我们可以在早期投资它，但没有真正得到什么。众包是什么。看看今天的空间。这是许多初创公司的命脉，我们有。就业法案从众包中消除了法律上的混乱。

\[00:11:43\] Do you think. Do you think there\'s a pattern to what
investors miss. In general not just you but investors in general. If
there\'s a founders are working on something that\'s good but investors
are not going to get like what kind of things do investors not get.

[00：11：43]你认为。你认为投资者所错过的东西是有规律的吗？一般来说，不仅仅是你自己，还有一般的投资者。如果有一位创始人在做一件好事，但投资者不会得到投资者没有得到的那种东西。

\[00:11:59\] Well I think investors don\'t get probably the stuff that
is you know is the first one. Pinterest would be an example. Ben talked
about how hard it was to raise money. And if you look at a virtual
Pinboard you know that\'s a brand new idea. So I think investors even
though they like to say I\'m in venture capital I take risk. They look
for pattern recognition which in this business is probably a mistake.
Look at Twitter in the early days you know that was that was a brand
that was a brand new idea and lots of Easy\'s turned down Twitter.

[00：11：59]我认为投资者可能没有得到你知道的第一件事。Pinterest就是一个例子。本谈到筹集资金有多难。如果你看一下虚拟棋盘，你就会知道这是一个全新的想法。因此，我认为投资者，即使他们喜欢说我在风险投资，我承担风险。他们寻找模式识别，这在这个行业可能是一个错误。看看早期的Twitter，你知道这是一个全新的想法，很多人都很容易拒绝Twitter。

\[00:12:46\] So with SFE you\'ll tell the story of how you ended up
investing in Twitter. Sure that\'s a funny story with a way it is with V
Angel though we invest in in the entrepreneur first.

[00：12：46]因此，对于SFE，你将讲述你如何最终投资Twitter的故事。当然，这是一个有趣的故事，虽然我们先投资于企业家，但V天使也是这样。

\[00:13:00\] We invest in the human being and all of our biggest
successes is when we said hey wow that\'s a really forward thinking idea
but let\'s go run with it. I love that entrepreneur. I want to invest in
every one of their companies. So so when I invest in an entrepreneur
I\'m investing for life unless they do something wrong. I want to invest
for example in Shawn Fanning\'s sixth startup airtime. So for me it\'s
it\'s a lifelong commitment. It makes it more interesting when you have
this awesome relationship with a founder where they know me like a book
and I know them like a book so we can move fast and give each other
advice. So you invested in Odeo right. Yeah. So back to Twitter. Back to
Twitter I invested in Odeo with Evan Williams and his team Jack Dorsey
was part of that team. So is Biz Stone and ODEIO didn\'t work out and
Odeo was in an incubator called ObviousCorp. So it is a classical
innovator incubator who had like four or five projects going on Twitter
was one of those other projects. Jack was the father of the Twitter
project and Odeo ended up shutting down.

[00：13：00]我们投资于人类，我们最大的成功是当我们说嗨，哇，这是一个非常前瞻的想法，但让我们继续努力吧。我喜欢那个企业家。我想投资他们的每一家公司。因此，当我投资于一位企业家时，我将终生投资，除非他们做错了什么。例如，我想投资于肖恩·范宁(ShawnFning)的第六个创业时间。所以对我来说，这是一种终生的承诺。当你和一位创始人建立了一段令人敬畏的关系时，他们就像一本书一样了解我，而我就像一本书一样了解他们，这样我们就能快速行动，给对方建议。所以你投资了Odeo对吧。嗯回到推特。回到Twitter，我与EvanWilliams和他的团队投资了Odeo，杰克·多尔西也是这个团队的一员。BizStone和ODEIO也没有成功，Odeo也在一个名为ObviousCorp的孵化器里。所以，这是一个经典的创新者孵化器，在Twitter上有四五个项目，也是其他项目之一。杰克是Twitter项目的父亲，Odeo最终被关闭。

\[00:14:21\] Evan Williams was magnanimous to the investors and gave the
investors their money back. Here\'s an entrepreneur. Felt so bad and he
had made a little bit of money not a ton of money certainly not enough
to give your money back. He made a little bit of money selling Blogger
to Google but he he felt an obligation to pay the investors back and I
said this is going to sit in the bank until your next one and the next
one was Twitter. So I invested 75 K in Twitter site on scene zero due
diligence because I believed in that entrepreneur and then I got to know
Jack and and look at Twitter today.

埃文·威廉姆斯对投资者宽宏大量，把他们的钱还给了投资者。这是一位企业家。他感到很难过，他赚了一点钱，没有一吨钱，当然也不足以把你的钱还给你。他把博客卖给谷歌，赚了点钱，但他觉得有义务回报投资者，我说过，这会一直呆在银行里，直到你的下一个博客，下一个是推特(Twitter)。所以我在Twitter网站上投入了75K，因为我相信这位企业家，然后我认识了杰克，今天看了Twitter。

\[00:15:01\] So you just you were already signed up for Twitter. I was
free where it was three three boarded on that airplane. That\'s what I
called betting on foul with no with no questions asked. What did you
think of Twitter as an idea. Guess what. Never.

[00：15：01]你刚刚注册了Twitter。在那架飞机上有三个人登上的地方我是自由的。这就是我所谓的下注犯规，不问任何问题。你认为Twitter是什么想法。你猜怎么着。从来没有。

\[00:15:20\] Never argue with the metrics. So Twitter. It wasn\'t long
before Twitter\'s growth rate on users and numbers of tweets was
straight up there just now revenues going to catch up with it. It\'s
going to be an awesome company but I never argue with growth so whenever
we see a company that\'s growing at a thousand percent a month and in
the early days when you\'re successful you will grow at a thousand
percent a month because going from one users to 10 users. But if if
they\'re happy users and there\'s word of mouth because Twitter never
advertise and there\'s good word of mouth and good PR that\'s the
greatest company you can get. Look at the growth of Google. Google was
the very same way.

[00：15：20]永远不要与度量标准争论。所以推特。不久之后，Twitter在用户上的增长速度和推特的数量都直线上升，而现在，Twitter的收入将迎头赶上。这将是一家了不起的公司，但我从来不反对增长，所以每当我们看到一家公司以每月1000%的速度增长，在你成功的初期，你就会因为从一个用户增加到10个用户而每月增长百分之一。但如果用户很满意，因为Twitter从来不做广告，而且有好的口碑和公关，那么这是你能得到的最好的公司。看看谷歌的发展。谷歌也是如此。

\[00:16:10\] So Twitter you thought basically I don\'t know what this
thing is. The graphs seem to be going about it. But yeah but it\'s
growing which means users like it which means it\'s going to be
successful.

[00：16：10]所以Twitter你认为我根本不知道这是什么。这些图表似乎在进行。但是的，但是它在增长，这意味着用户喜欢它，这意味着它会成功。

\[00:16:19\] There must be something there because if you look at Google
Facebook and Twitter none of them had any idea what the monetization
outcome was going to be. All they focused on was happy users and getting
lots of them quickly. And that ends up that\'s a great strategy. That\'s
what Ben Silverman is doing at Pinterest today.

[00：16：19]一定有一些东西，因为如果你看看谷歌，Facebook和Twitter，他们都不知道货币化的结果会是什么。他们所关注的只是快乐的用户，很快就能得到很多用户。这是一个很好的策略。这就是本？西尔弗曼今天在Pinterest所做的事情。

\[00:16:40\] They just knew that there was an important problem to be
solved and they sort of had faith they would be able to make money
somehow of course.

[00：16：40]他们只是知道有一个重要的问题需要解决，他们有信心，他们当然能够赚钱。

\[00:16:47\] And now Google is the one who probably took the biggest
risk because now Ben can at least look back to Google Facebook and
Twitter and say wow they made sure they had like a hundred million happy
users and then they thought about monetization and you actually don\'t
need to think about monetization that much. Once you get to 100 million
users gives you time to figure out hey wait a minute you know there\'s
there\'s ways to turn this into a really viable business.

[00：16：47]现在谷歌可能是冒最大风险的人，因为现在Ben至少可以回顾谷歌的Facebook和Twitter，并说哇，他们确保拥有大约一亿快乐的用户，然后他们考虑了货币化，而你实际上不需要考虑那么多货币化。一旦你有了1亿用户，你就有时间去弄清楚，嘿，等一下，你知道有办法把它变成一家真正可行的企业。

\[00:17:16\] So

[00：17：16]

\[00:17:16\] when Larry and Sergei were starting out doing Google they
really didn\'t have they didn\'t know how they were going to make money.

[00：17：16]拉里和谢尔盖刚开始做谷歌的时候，他们真的不知道该如何赚钱。

\[00:17:23\] No not at all. I still have Google\'s first ten page
investor slide deck and you get to the last page and it says thank you
it doesn\'t.

[00：17：23]不，一点也不。我还有谷歌前十页的投资者幻灯片，你可以看到最后一页，上面写着“谢谢”-它没有。

\[00:17:37\] It does not have the spreadsheet that is usually the last
page.

[00：17：37]它没有通常是最后一页的电子表格。

\[00:17:42\] Yeah. And they were not apologetic about it. They said we
have awesome technology and it will lead to monetization and we\'re not
going to tell you something we don\'t know because we don\'t know how
we\'re going to monetize it. They were very honest about it and that was
a novel thing in those days that was very novel and that\'s why people
misconstrued that as arrogance when in fact Larry and Serguei were just
being really bluntly honest with the investors that came in to see them.
They were like hey if you look at our search results and they were so
much better than the prior search engine which I was an investor in Ask
Jeeves you know if you can\'t figure that out you\'re crazy. Now I know
I figured it out and I knew Ask Jeeves really well the minute we started
doing Google searches when we went in to see Larry and Serguei we we
said hey can one of our guys play with the search engine. While I talked
to Larry and Sergei and just because Google said we\'re based on
relevance and page rank those are really easy words today. But back in
1997 when you said I have a search engine based on page rank if other
people like that page and they they springboard off of that page then
that page must be awfully good. So I\'m going to send more people to the
pages that people like. And and it was all motivated by relevancy.

[00：17：42]是的。他们并没有为此道歉。他们说我们有超棒的技术，它将导致货币化，我们不会告诉你一些我们不知道的事情，因为我们不知道我们将如何将它货币化。他们对此非常诚实，这在当时是一件很新奇的事，这也是为什么人们把它误解为傲慢，而实际上，拉里和塞尔盖只是对前来看他们的投资者非常坦率地诚实。如果你看一下我们的搜索结果，它们会比我以前的搜索引擎要好得多，我是AskJeeves的投资者，你知道如果你不知道你是不是疯了。现在我知道我明白了，我知道，当我们开始谷歌搜索的时候，当我们去看拉里和塞尔盖的时候，我就知道问吉维斯，我们中的一个人能和搜索引擎一起玩吗？当我和拉里和谢尔盖交谈的时候，就因为谷歌说我们是基于相关性和页面排名的，所以今天这些词都很简单。但早在1997年，你说我有一个基于页面排名的搜索引擎，如果其他人喜欢这个页面，然后他们跳板，那么这个页面一定是非常好的。所以我会派更多的人到人们喜欢的网页上。而且所有的动机都是相关的。

\[00:19:20\] So what did you think when you first met them. Where did
you first meet them. Do you remember.

[00：19：20]当你第一次见到他们的时候，你是怎么想的。你第一次见到他们是在哪里。你还记得吗。

\[00:19:24\] Oh of course I do on University Avenue. They had moved out
of the garage in Menlo Park into the office lesy office the lucky office
this is where people thought I was. And then I think danger after that
which is now Android was in that one office saw I actually heard about
Google through David Cheriton who is a very famous Stanford professor
and a founder himself. We were at a holiday party six months before I
actually met Larry and Sergei and I said Hey you\'re on the you\'re in
the labs at Stanford. You know what\'s cooking there. David was an
investor in our fund and we said all of our investors you know a David
you can invest in the fund but you got to tell us when you see something
interesting so at this Christmas party we were both in tuxedos and we
both hate tuxedos. I said to get our mind off this.

[00：19：24]哦，我当然在大学大道上。他们已经从门罗公园的车库搬到了办公室，这间幸运的办公室，人们以为我在那里。然后我认为，在那之后的危险，也就是现在的Android就在那个办公室里，我通过大卫·切里顿(DavidCheriton)听说过谷歌，他是斯坦福大学的一位非常著名的教授，也是在我见到拉里和谢尔盖的六个月前，我们在一个假日派对上，我说，嘿，你在斯坦福的实验室里。你知道那里在做什么。大卫是我们基金的投资者，我们说我们所有的投资者，你知道，大卫，你可以投资这个基金，但你要告诉我们，当你看到有趣的东西，所以在圣诞晚会上，我们都穿着晚礼服，我们都讨厌晚礼服。我说了让我们别再想这件事了。

\[00:20:24\] Tell me about what\'s going on at Stanford to get your mind
off the uncomfortable tuxedo. Yes. That\'s how it all started. Yes it
did.

[00：20：24]告诉我斯坦福大学发生了什么事，让你从不舒服的晚礼服上解脱出来。是的，一切都是这样开始的。是的。

\[00:20:34\] And he said There\'s this company called back Rob. But
they\'re not ready to see you yet but when they are you know all. I\'ll
introduce you.

[00：20：34]他说有一家公司叫回来罗布，但他们还没准备好见你，但等他们到了，你就都知道了。我来介绍你。

\[00:20:43\] Did he say you should invest is going to be the biggest. Oh
yeah. Edgy company in a decade.

[00：20：43]他有没有说你应该投资将是最大的。哦，是的十年后的新公司。

\[00:20:48\] David Cheriton was the one who said the two magic words
page rank and relevance and back in 1997 those were not buzz words.
Those were like hey talk to me about. And then he explained what what
they meant.

大卫·切里顿说了两个神奇的词-页面排名和相关性-而早在1997年，这些词就不是热门词了。就像跟我说。然后他解释了他们的意思。

\[00:21:01\] So what did you think of Larry and Sergei when you met him.
Did they seem like they were going to be super successful. Oh as soon as
you met them and this was like a historic historic company.

[00：21：01]当你遇见拉里和谢尔盖时，你觉得他怎么样？他们看上去会超级成功吗。哦，一旦你遇到他们，这就像一家历史悠久的公司。

\[00:21:11\] Well because we\'ve invested in 650 companies by then it
was probably 300 companies in 1997. You had a good read on
entrepreneurs. And keep in mind for every company we invest in we say no
to 30. So we we see a lot of entrepreneurs. So what I saw was two on two
entrepreneurs that were great scientists but very very strategic and
determined. Because they said to me once they said hey we want you to
invest. They said hey you have to go get Mike Moritz to invest in our
company. So you introduced I introduced you to to Google in that round
and ice and I said Hey Mike Mars is a great guy. Why. What made you pick
him. Oh he\'s on the board of Yahoo. And one of the Yahoo search do you
get to bootstrap this company. Because at the time they\'re out of Vista
was the search engine they had to displace an incumbent. And they said
to do that we\'ve got to do two. We\'ve got to do two big OEM deals.
Yahoo\'s one more so arrange that for us if we get em and that happened.
And then they were already talking to John door at that at kepi and I
didn\'t have to figure out the door Bpeace door andK.P. were on the
board of AOL.

[00：21：11]因为那时我们已经投资了650家公司，1997年大概有300家公司。你对企业家有很好的了解。记住，对于我们投资的每一家公司，我们都会拒绝30家。所以我们看到很多企业家。所以，我看到的是两位企业家，他们都是伟大的科学家，但非常有策略和决心。因为他们对我说，“嗨，我们要你投资。”他们说你得去找迈克·莫里茨来投资我们公司。所以你介绍给我，我把你介绍给谷歌，在那一轮和冰，我说，嘿，迈克，火星是一个伟大的家伙。为什么是什么让你选择了他。哦，他是雅虎董事会的成员。其中一个雅虎搜索，你可以引导这家公司。因为当他们离开Vista的时候，他们不得不取代现有的搜索引擎。他们说要这么做我们得做两个。我们得做两笔大的OEM交易。雅虎是另外一家，所以如果我们得到了他们，就为我们安排一下，这样的事情就发生了。然后他们已经和约翰门在kepi谈过了，我不需要弄清楚BPeace门，K.P.也是AOL的董事会成员。

\[00:22:37\] And so they got Google and Kleiner in that first round
because they were on the boards of AOL and Yahoo respectively. Yes which
is boy.

[00：22：37]所以他们在第一轮中得到了谷歌和凯鹏华盈，因为他们分别是美国在线和雅虎的董事会成员。是的，哪个是男孩。

\[00:22:45\] Yes. And that. OK. So once they got both to agree to invest
then kepi didn\'t want Secoya and Sequoia didn\'t want kepi that took a
month of wrangling and Larian Serguei. You almost got the whole deal you
almost got the whole deal ourselves. After a month Larry and Serguei
said. Now after a month Google is exploding. You can tell that this is a
technology that people are going to use for 50 years. And Google\'s 14
years old now and Larry and Sergei got exasperated and they called me
one Friday and they said hey Yuto the first day I went in there I said
hey let\'s do a quick 10 million dollar round all lead it and I\'m an
angel investor. But I knew for this technology we we could round up the
money and syndicate that and they said hey you said you said a month ago
you can do that can you do it. I said I can do it by Monday. And I
actually believed it because then I knew even more about the company and
the quality of these two founders. But I did call KPN Sequoia and I said
hey these founders are very determined they\'re going to do it with your
we\'re not bullshit artists. They really are telling you it\'s over on
Monday. And I told them why I said I\'m going to do the funding myself.
If you guys can\'t you know get.

[00：22：45]是的。还有那个。好的因此，一旦他们双方都同意投资，凯皮就不想要塞科亚和红杉，不想要一个月的争吵和拉里安·塞尔盖(LarianSerguei)的凯皮(Kepi)。你几乎得到了全部交易，我们自己也几乎得到了全部交易。一个月后拉里和塞尔盖说。现在，在一个月后，谷歌正在爆炸。你可以看出，这是一种人们将使用50年的技术。谷歌现在14岁了，拉里和谢尔盖生气了，他们在一个星期五打电话给我，他们说嘿，Yuto，我第一天去那里，我说，嘿，让我们做一个一千万美元的快速循环，所有这一切都是由我领导的，我是一个天使投资者。但我知道，对于这项技术，我们可以把钱集中起来，然后联合起来。他们说，嘿，你一个月前说过，你能做到的。我说我星期一就能搞定。我相信这一点，因为那时我对公司和这两位创始人的素质了解得更多了。但我确实给KPN红杉公司打了电话，我说，嘿，这些创始人非常坚定，他们会和你们一起做这件事，我们不是胡说八道的艺术家。他们真的告诉你星期一就结束了。我告诉他们为什么我说我要自己做资金。如果你们不能\你们不知道。

\[00:24:17\] This is this is possibly the most generous moment in the
history of Silicon Valley. Can I just I just not made that call right.
Of course there\'s a lot of people in this venture business who have
made the call and said Oh yeah they\'re bullshitting.

[00：24：17]这可能是硅谷历史上最慷慨的时刻。我能不能别打错电话了。当然，在这个风投行业里，有很多人打过电话说，哦，是的，他们在胡说八道。

\[00:24:29\] Don\'t worry they have no option except you guys are here.
They know they\'d read about it around here\'s another here\'s another.

[00：24：29]别担心，除了你们以外，他们别无选择。他们知道他们会在这里读到这件事，这是另一个。

\[00:24:37\] Your wife thinks you\'re crazy. So so Friday I called John
door and Mike Moretz said it\'s over on Monday.

你妻子认为你疯了。所以星期五我打电话给约翰门，迈克·莫雷茨说星期一就结束了。

\[00:24:47\] Sure enough it only took them just Saturday morning. I know
exactly what effect that I got.

[00：24：47]足够肯定的是，他们只花了星期六早上的时间。我很清楚我有什么效果。

\[00:24:55\] I was sitting in a Starbucks in foster city. I don\'t know
what street it was on. And I got the calls and I put so close the cell
phone and I said to my wife this is history. And she said really. I said
yes. The funding of like the biggest company ever is going to happen. So
you knew it you knew it. I knew it. Like today is today that they
themselves.

[00：24：55]我坐在寄养城的一家星巴克里。我不知道它在哪条街。我接到电话，把手机关得那么近，我对我的妻子说这是历史。她真的说了。我说是的。像最大的公司一样的资金将会发生。所以你知道。我知道。就像今天他们自己一样。

\[00:25:33\] I don\'t always know it.

[00：25：33]我并不总是知道。

\[00:25:36\] Yeah. You know with Facebook. That\'s what I wanted to say.
Yeah I I did not get Facebook. But. But. I get growth and growth is the
lifeblood of innovation. And every time I met with Zach and Sean Parker
who was the president then I met Facebook through Parker because we had
gone through the Napster experience together. The growth was like this
and I said you can\'t argue with metrics every time you met them the
numbers were different and they were right way way up to the right and
they were doing all the right things. What did you think of Mark the
first time you met him. I met him at university Cafe in in Palo Alto. It
was just him and I. Even though Sean Parker introduced us I\'ve never
told this before. You sure you want to. Yeah.

[00：25：36]是的。你知道在Facebook上。这就是我想说的。是的，我没拿到脸书。但但我得到了成长，成长是创新的命脉。每次我见到扎克和肖恩·帕克时，我都是通过帕克认识Facebook的，因为我们一起经历了纳普斯特的经历。增长是这样的，我说你不能每次遇到他们的时候都和度量标准争论，数字是不同的，他们是正确的，他们在做所有正确的事情。你第一次见到马克时觉得他怎么样。我在帕洛阿尔托的大学咖啡厅见过他。只有他和我，即使肖恩帕克介绍我们，我从来没有告诉过这件事。你确定你想。嗯

\[00:26:38\] OK. Go ahead. Number one I think everyone knows Sean Parker
is an edgy person. And so I want to just tell Zuck even though I didn\'t
even I had never met Zach.

[00：26：38]好的。您先请第一，我想大家都知道肖恩·帕克是个脾气暴躁的人。所以我想告诉扎克，即使我从来没有见过扎克。

\[00:26:50\] Hey your prison is pretty edgy.

[00：26：50]嘿，你的监狱很紧张。

\[00:26:52\] So I just want to tell you that without him here and Zach
to his credit said Yeah I have figured that out.

[00：26：52]所以我只想告诉你，没有他在这里，扎克对他的功劳说：是的，我已经弄清楚了。

\[00:27:01\] Zooks 19 years old at the time and Parkers maybe 20 or 21
Parkers probably a few years older than Zach and Zach goes Yeah I
figured that out was kind of a rocky start because it was like Oh OK. So
let\'s move and Zack was like let\'s move on. You know what. What can
you help Facebook do. And one of the huge things that SUV Angel does is
help companies get funded. We help Google with their funding issue help
Twitter with their funding issues especially in the benchmark round. So
did you get involved with Facebook. DC right. Oh yeah yeah. So they had
taken the PTO money and they were getting ready to do the V C round. So
and Sean Parker because of Napster knew that as well. Angel investors at
the time that we could really help work with all these vaccines and get
them to close around quickly and efficiently because the process can be
really painful if you know enough forcing functions you essentially
orchestrate a bidding war. And I with Facebook. No I did not. No I we
triaged the list of about 20 vaccines that we wanted to go to. They were
already talking to the Washington Post Don Graham Don Graham offered a
50 million valuation and Zerkin Parker called me when they got out of
the office. Ron Ron we got a 50 million dollar valuation from from Don
Graham. I got a go back in. I don\'t think you heard him right. I bet
she said five million. Now no he said 50 million. I said hurry up and
get it to happen. So in this case I didn\'t need to do anything in that
process. Jim Bryer was looking at the company and decided to offer 80
million. I think it was 80 million pre 90 million post which you know
that that was the rebirth of Excel right there after the bubble.

[00：27：01]当时19岁的Zooks和Parkers可能比Zach和Zach大几岁，是的，我觉得这是个艰难的开始，因为这就像哦，好吧。所以让我们行动，扎克就像让我们继续前进。你知道吗。你能帮Facebook做什么。SUV天使所做的一件大事就是帮助公司获得资金。我们帮助谷歌解决他们的资金问题，帮助Twitter解决他们的资金问题，特别是在基准回合中。你和Facebook有关系吗。右转。哦，是的。因此，他们已经拿了PTO的钱，他们正在准备做VC一轮。所以肖恩·帕克因为纳普斯特也知道这一点。天使投资者当时真的可以帮助我们处理所有这些疫苗，让他们迅速而有效地结束，因为如果你知道足够多的话，这个过程可能会很痛苦，迫使功能，你基本上策划了一场竞价战。我和Facebook在一起。不，我没有。不，我们对我们想要去的大约20种疫苗进行了分类。他们已经和“华盛顿邮报”谈过了，唐·格雷厄姆(DonGraham)提供了5000万英镑的估值，泽尔金·帕克(Zerkin Parker)离开办公室后罗恩，我们从唐·格雷厄姆那里得到了五千万美元的估价。我又进去了。我觉得你听错了。我打赌她说了五百万。现在不，他说了五千万。我说快点让它发生。所以在这个过程中，我不需要做任何事情。吉姆·布里耶(JimBryer)正看着这家公司，决定出价8000万英镑。我想这是九千万篇文章中的八千万篇，你知道，这是Excel在泡沫之后的重生。

\[00:29:15\] So Jim where did the funding that was that Google\'s pre
money series A Google\'s free money was 75 million free. Do you think it
was a coincidence. There was a little more at Facebook. Yeah I would say
it\'s a coincidence.

[00：29：15]吉姆，谷歌的预款系列A免费提供的资金来源是7500万美元。你认为这是巧合吗？Facebook上有更多的资金。是的，我想这是个巧合。

\[00:29:29\] All right. If I want to sucker over to take my money I
would offer them a little bit more than good.

[00：29：29]好的。如果我想吸走我的钱，我会给他们多一点好处。

\[00:29:37\] Free on brand was it Facebook first. And I I always felt
bad. And Don Graham was a gentleman about saying hey Excel is offering
30 million more than me. Excel should be easy and fast forward five
years Don Gram\'s on the board of Facebook today which I think is
awesome because Don Gramm was a mentor to Mark Zuckerberg in the early
days. Did any BCSC network went and spent two weeks at the post just
following Don Graham around while the company was growing like a weed.
Because he wanted to see what a CEO did.

[00：29：37]自由品牌是Facebook的第一大品牌。我总是感觉很糟糕。唐·格雷厄姆是个绅士，他说：“嗨，Excel比我多出3000万美元。”Excel应该是一个轻松而快速的五年，唐·格拉姆(Don Gram)现在Facebook的董事会工作，我认为这是很棒的，因为唐·格拉姆(Don Gramm)早年曾是马克·扎克伯格(Mark Zuckerberg)的导师。当公司像野草一样成长的时候，BCSC的任何一个网络都去了，花了两周的时间跟踪唐·格雷厄姆(Don Graham)。因为他想看看

\[00:30:16\] And he followed suit in the journalism business. Yeah. So
was I going to ask kind of completely forgotten I was surprised by that.
Oh yes. Did say no to Facebook in that round yeah any I said no that is
not going to work. Oh no I have the e-mails.

[00：30：16]他在新闻业也是这样。嗯所以我要问的是，我完全忘记了，我对此感到惊讶。哦，是的。在那一轮中对Facebook说了不，是的，我说了，不，那是行不通的。哦，不，我有电子邮件。

\[00:30:38\] And I am not naming them. OK. Now I want to ask you.

[00：30：38]我不给他们起名字。好的现在我想问你。

\[00:30:42\] Privately hey this is really this is really early days.
Yeah. Did they say no because they didn\'t believe in the business. What
did they say no because the price was too high. No I did not believe in
the business. This is wacky like the social network for college dude.
Yeah right. Like who cares. So let\'s see them do you do you know
incidentally what multiple you got on Google. It was Google Google.

[00：30：42]私下里嘿，这真是太早了。嗯他们说“不”是因为他们不相信这个行业。他们说“不”是因为价格太高了。不，我不相信这个行业。这就像大学男生的社交网络一样古怪。是的。就像谁在乎。让我们看看他们，顺便说一句，你知道你在谷歌上的倍数是多少。那就是谷歌(Google)。

\[00:31:13\] Goog. I don\'t think so. No no.

[00：31：13]我不这么认为。不，不。

\[00:31:21\] Roughly three. Three hundred to one. Three hundred. That\'s
right. If you sold it the all time high you would get like 700 dollars
for each dollar you invested. Some high might be in the future. Yes the
all time high for Google is definitely in the future.

[00：31：21]大概三点。三百比一。三百。这是对的。如果你把它卖到历史高点，你每投资一美元就能得到700美元。将来可能会有一些高点。是的，谷歌的历史高点肯定是在未来。

\[00:31:40\] Do you think Larry and Sergey knew that they were gonna be
that big.

[00：31：40]你认为拉里和谢尔盖知道他们会这么大吗？

\[00:31:46\] No definitely not. Which makes me think of a story can I.
Yes. How are we doing on time.

[00：31：46]不，绝对不是。这让我想起了一个故事我是的。我们准时过得怎么样。

\[00:31:55\] We\'re minutes. You bet. This is a good story so. So Ben
Horowitz showed his picture with Warren Buffett.

[00：31：55]我们只剩几分钟了。当然。这是个很好的故事。所以本·霍洛维茨给沃伦·巴菲特展示了他的照片。

\[00:32:06\] At a party at my home when he talked.

[00：32：06]在我家的一个聚会上，他说话的时候。

\[00:32:09\] It was his first slide. Iran is running secretly behind
everything at that at that they\'re attending that party along with with
Ben.

[00：32：09]这是他的第一张幻灯片。伊朗正在暗中操纵一切，因为他们和本一起参加了那次聚会。

\[00:32:23\] This party was sponsored by Angel investors at the time
which was my fund at the time. And we had in our yard every internet
person known to man including Sean Parker Shawn Fanning and Larry and
Serguei. And it was in 1998. Let\'s say so google was like one year old
Napster probably a year and a half old and the day of this party Napster
was at its all time high. Forty million users Sean Parker has been on
the cover of every major magazine in America. Within three weeks and
major magazines in America don\'t put the same guy on the cover. But
Napster was so disruptive they said the hell with it. This kid\'s got to
go on the cover Shawn Fanning is really famous. He is the shyest person
on the Earth not a malicious bone in his body. He had a keeper with them
at the party even though I knew him really well. He was like You know I
don\'t like all this attention. So Larry Larian Serguei say hey will you
introduce us to. Fanning I golf course I will. Google is barely known.
Probably a third of the people at this party he would say Google and
they\'d say I\'ve heard it good. You know what do they do. So I take
them off when I say to Fanning I said this will be the biggest company
on or some day because their search results are so accurate and so good.
And Fanning is fascinated. Talks to him shake hands. We go. We walk
away. And Larry and Sergei follow me and I go. Is there somebody else
you want to meet. They go No no we have to talk to you. They said it is
so frustrating. We will we will never be famous like him. Laughter. And
they were looking at me like. Tell us. Were right. And I said You guys
are so wrong because you\'re going to make money while this guy fights
with the record labels.

[00：32：23]这个聚会当时是由天使投资人赞助的，当时是我的基金。在我们的院子里，包括肖恩·帕克、肖恩·范宁、拉里和塞尔盖在内的所有人都认识我们。那是在1998年。让我们说，Google就像一年前的Napster，大概有一年半了，而这次聚会的那一天，Napster达到了空前的高度。肖恩·帕克(SeanParker)在美国的每一本主要杂志的封面上都有4000万用户。三个星期之内，美国的主要杂志就不会把同一个人放到封面上了。但是纳普斯特是如此的混乱，他们说去死吧。这孩子必须上封面肖恩范宁是真的很有名。他是地球上最害羞的人，而不是他身体里的一根恶意骨头。虽然我很了解他，但他在晚会上还是有个看门人。他就像你知道的我不喜欢这么多注意力。拉里·拉里安·塞尔盖说，嘿，你能给我们介绍一下。范宁我的高尔夫球场我会的。谷歌几乎不为人所知。在这个聚会上，他可能会说三分之一的人会说谷歌，他们会说我听得很好。你知道他们是做什么的。所以，当我对范宁说，我说这将是最大的公司，或有一天，因为他们的搜索结果是如此准确和如此好，我就把它们摘掉。范宁被迷住了。和他握手。我们走吧。我们走开。拉里和谢尔盖跟着我就走。你还想见见其他人吗。他们走了不我们得和你谈谈。他们说这太令人沮丧了。我们永远不会像他那样出名。笑声。他们看着我就像。告诉我们。都是对的。我说你们错了，因为你们会赚钱的，而这家伙却在和唱片公司打架。

\[00:34:42\] Let\'s

[00：34：42]让我们

\[00:34:42\] not end on that. No no no. Won\'t. And with that we\'ll end
with the question everybody in this.

[00：34：42]还没完呢。不不不。不会的。我们将以这个问题结束。

\[00:34:50\] Well a lot of people in audience probably want to know
which is how do they get your money. Well you makes you want to invest
in somebody. Well we invest in people first.

[00：34：50]很多观众可能想知道他们是怎么得到你的钱的。你让你想投资于某个人。我们先投资人。

\[00:35:00\] There will be people but they they have to they have to be
people with personalities with drive they know it\'s 24 by 7. They have
to be a leader because if you\'re going to build a big company you have
to have enough charisma to get other people to work on your team.
You\'ve got a Renoir what he\'s saying is yeah. So Andy termination what
what Jessica talked about you you have to be completely fearless. How
can you tell when you meet somebody that they have these qualities. In
fact I want to be doing it so long that I can just tell after 10 minutes
I\'ve made up my mind. So the SVM you I have to keep saying hey I don\'t
want to come across as rude but after 10 minutes I\'ve decided if I like
the company or not because I\'m looking at the personality of the
individual how can they build a great company. So there\'s like a 50
I\'m an algorithm in my brain that goes through like 50 traits that
person\'s got it and you don\'t have this. I want to invest I don\'t
I\'m not I really don\'t care what the company does today. I want to
invest in that entrepreneurs company like their sixth seventh a company.
You know it\'s a lifelong commitment. I don\'t think other investors
look at it that way. It\'s not very useful advice either you got it or
you don\'t.

[00：35：00]会有人的，但他们必须是有动力的人，他们知道是24比7。他们必须是一个领导者，因为如果你要建立一个大公司，你必须有足够的魅力，让其他人在你的团队中工作。你有一个雷诺阿他说的是对的。所以安迪终止了杰西卡所说的你必须无所畏惧。当你遇到一个人时，你怎么知道他们有这些品质。事实上，我想做的时间太长了，所以10分钟后我就知道了，我已经下定决心了。所以，支持向量机，我必须一直说，嘿，我不想被视为粗鲁，但10分钟后，我决定我是否喜欢公司，因为我看的是个人的个性，他们如何才能建立一个伟大的公司。所以在我的大脑中有一种类似于50我的算法，它经历了一个人所拥有的50个特征，而你却没有这样的特性。我想投资，我不是真的不在乎公司今天做什么。我想投资那家企业家公司，就像他们的第六家第七家公司。你知道这是一种终生的承诺。我不认为其他投资者会这么看。无论你得到了还是没有得到它，这都不是很有用的建议。

\[00:36:37\] No no no no no no no. I\'m looking for traits that are all
identifiable you know.

[00：36：37]不，不。我在寻找你所知道的所有可以识别的特征。

\[00:36:42\] Are you a good communicator. Are you a leader. Are you
driven. You can tell that when you\'re talking to somebody.

[00：36：42]你是个善于沟通的人吗？你是领导者吗。你开车吗。当你和别人说话的时候你就知道了。

\[00:36:48\] I suppose the good news is if the person has these traits
even if they don\'t think they would necessarily make a good startup
founders something like that you\'ll back them while they figure it out.
Of course very well right.

[00：36：48]我想好消息是，如果一个人有这些特质，即使他们不认为他们一定会成为一个好的初创公司创始人，当他们想出办法的时候，你就会支持他们。当然，很好。

\[00:36:58\] Yeah that\'s as unique about as V Angel. The other thing is
product focus. So if you look at the success of Facebook and Pinterest
and square these founders are focused on the product and they are
focused on the product because they know if the products good they\'re
gonna have a happy customer they care almost too much about it. You
clearly never care too much craftsmen who really care. They are all
graphs. You know in this day and age. So much of the success is about
UI. So if you look at Ben Silverman Jack Dorsey and Zuck they they care
about happy users and in a perfect world they will go back in their
Harvel and just make their product great. They hate coming out in public
takes them away from from the brass ring which is millions and millions
of happy customers.

[00：36：58]是的，这和V天使一样独特。另一件事是关注产品。所以，如果你看看Facebook和Pinterest的成功，这些创始人关注的是产品，他们关注的是产品，因为他们知道如果产品好的话，他们会有一个快乐的客户，他们几乎太在意它了。很明显，你从来不关心那些真正在乎你的工匠。它们都是图表。你知道在这个时代。很多成功都是关于UI的。所以，如果你看看本·西尔弗曼、杰克·多尔西和扎克，他们关心的是快乐的用户，在一个完美的世界里，他们会回到他们的哈维尔，让他们的产品变得更棒。他们讨厌当众出柜，把他们从数百万快乐顾客的黄铜戒指上带走。

\[00:38:07\] Robert there\'s no Q and A\'s we don\'t win outright on an
awkward note. These press guys a gentleman. Thanks Ron.


[00：38：07]罗伯特，这里没有Q和A，我们不能凭一张尴尬的字条直接获胜。这些记者是个绅士。谢谢罗恩。

