**Tom Preston Werner at Startup School 2012-mGTpU5XUAA8.mp4**

*2012年创业学校的Tom Preston Werner-mGTpU5XUAA8.mp4*

\[00:00:00\] Hi everyone. It\'s awesome to be back here with here in
2010. Two years ago what\'s changed since then. I\'m actually going to
put this on the ground. This is my timer. You see part of being a
founder of a company is solving your own problems. So I was thinking
about this talk and what I would talk about what were the big questions
would be for me about get hub where we\'ve been and where we go and what
does it mean to to start a company today. And I figured most of you and
especially after watching Ben\'s talk might be asking how do II as a
budding entrepreneur raise 100 million dollars just like get up did.
Maybe that\'s the question that you\'re that you\'re wondering pretty
much anywhere I go now. Everyone says hey Tom how\'s it going. What do
you guys spend a million dollars on but this I think is the wrong
question. I\'m actually going to tell you how to do that. I\'m going to
tell you something different. And I think that\'s because at the end of
the day money isn\'t actually what matters. Money is irrelevant. What is
money.

[00：00]大家好。2010年回到这里来真是太棒了。两年前，从那时起，情况发生了变化。我要把这个放在地上。这是我的计时器。作为一家公司的创始人，你可以看到，解决自己的问题是其中的一部分。所以我在想这个演讲，我会说什么对我来说最重要的问题是什么，我们曾经去过的地方，去了哪里，今天开一家公司意味着什么。我想，你们中的大多数人，尤其是在看完本的演讲后，可能会问，作为一名初出茅庐的企业家，我是如何筹集1亿美元的，就像“起床”一样。也许这就是你想知道我现在去的任何地方的问题。大家都说嗨，汤姆，你好吗？你们到底花了多少钱，但我认为这是个错误的问题。我要告诉你怎么做。我要告诉你一些不同的事情。我认为那是因为到头来钱并不重要。钱是无关紧要的。什么是钱。

\[00:01:17\] Money is just a number in some banks computer that says how
many slides you can buy for your office. Right but that\'s not what we
care about. That\'s not what we\'re trying to do here. We\'re not trying
to just make more slides happen in the world.

[00：01：17]钱只是银行电脑里的一个数字，上面写着你能为你的办公室买多少张幻灯片。是的，但这不是我们所关心的。这不是我们想要做的。我们不是想让更多的幻灯片出现在这个世界上。

\[00:01:34\] So what does matter. I think what matters is not the money.
Other things. So let\'s let\'s think about this.

[00：01：34]那么重要的是什么。我认为重要的不是钱。其他的东西。所以让我们考虑一下这个。

\[00:01:44\] I forgot my clicker. I need my clicker. This is going to be
less impactful if I don\'t have my my thing. OK. Thank you sir. Hey you
guys are in for a treat. Okay. Now that I have this. OK. So let me let
me let me make a posit and me posit something for you guys. A company is
nothing except the decisions that it makes decisions are made by people.
And with me so far so the only thing that matters are people. People are
the only thing that matters and those people then had better be the
right people. So let me tell you about get a job in the very early days
get hub was started by myself and my co-founder Chris wants to off.
Initially there was two of us. What I did was the design the front end
the very that just the visual and the axe. I also did the very back end
which is how rails code Access\'s get repositories on disk so I\'m kind
of this weird creature and then I do the front end stuff and I do the
back end stuff but I\'ve been doing rails for a long time before that
and I didn\'t really like it really like rails. You can tell the world
and I actually like rails out much. And so I was through you know being
in the Ruby community and going to Ruby meet ups this is how I found my
co-founder and Chris Strath was very big into rails he had a blog post
that outlined everything about how to be the best Rails developer you
can be. Everything about it was amazing. I said this is a guy that I can
start a company with because we have complementary skills. I\'ll do the
front and back and he\'ll do the middle part and together we have the
whole thing. And that worked out really well we just started hacking on
it on the side side project. But then shortly thereafter. And here\'s
here\'s a little tidbit about how can you tell whether your startup idea
is actually gaining traction. How is it how do you how can you tell
people enjoy it. One thing that was really effective for us was when
people came to us in the private beta phase and they asked Can I pay for
this. We had no billing system and yet they wanted to pay for it. They
wanted to make sure that it would continue to exist so that it would
continue to solve their problems. So if you have customers asking you to
pay for your company\'s product before you can even sell it to them
that\'s a good sign. So in order to accomplish this in order to get this
company to a place where people could actually buy it. We hired our
third co-founder. He came on board was just a few months after we had
started and he has his first thing built the billing system. PJ Hiatt so
now we had two rails guys essentially and misto doing front and back and
we\'re building out a better mix of people and skills to accomplish what
we need to do to get done. Our first employee that we hired named Scott
cone he is a get expert. So we reached a level in the company where we
kind of maxed out our knowledge none of us were really get experts and
yet we\'re building the site get Hubb which is for hosting get
repositories. So again through meet ups we met Scott we talked to him we
talked him about product about how he would go about building things and
he was the one that built just which is the snippet sharing site. He
built from scratch as his first task bringing his knowledge into the
equation. And so you can see are assembling a broader diversity of
people who can accomplish more things. We max out our Get knowledge.
Let\'s bring someone in that can augment that. And you\'ll notice that
none of these people none of the four of us were businesspeople. None of
us had ever really gone into business all that much. I\'d done some
consulting but that doesn\'t really count. None of us had created large
businesses. None of us had an MBA background or a business background
like that. So none of us either were executives. None of us had this
really broad experience in creating a company that you might as as a
person starting out think well how are we going to solve this problem.
Well let\'s let\'s hire an executive because they know what they\'re
doing. Now you have two problems. Here\'s the thing. There are
executives and they\'re awesome great people but they know so much they
know so much that it can be detrimental I think to a startup where
you\'re really trying to solve a new problem in a different way. You
have to come to problems with beginner\'s mind not knowing something can
be a very powerful tool into accomplishing it because you don\'t know
that it\'s not possible. That\'s what doing a startup is not realizing
that something is impossible and doing it anyway. Something else that
was a commonality between us the people in get hub in the earliest days
was having worked for bad companies before having worked in places where
they did things wrong examples of how not to do something are just as
good as examples of how to do something. And I think this is what
companies are for. Companies solve problems. Great companies solve real
problems and if you haven\'t ever experienced problems then how can you
know what are the right ones to solve. So you\'re all here to do
startups to join startups to create startups. I think that if your
options are create a startup or try and you know go work for another
company going on working for other companies is not so bad because it
gives you this really excellent perspective on things to not do
actually. So getting experience elsewhere. Not so bad right. A lot of
great people start startups had a bunch of full time jobs before that. I
had five. I had five full time jobs before starting get a job. So
suffering can sometimes lead to a better product for having that
information. Something that\'s great with people is getting together we
would meet for beers all the time and we\'d talk over the problems that
we had. We\'d go to a bar called O\'Reilly\'s up in North Beach San
Francisco and we\'d just talk through the big problems right. People are
very important having the same ideas for the product direction is
important. Getting on the same page for that stuff is going to allow you
to push forward. If you find yourself in a situation where you\'re not
getting along with your cofounders or the very small team that you\'ve
created to begin with really step back and evaluate that problem because
I don\'t think you can push forward effectively if you\'re fighting each
other. Look at that. You should be getting along if you\'re not really
really think about what that means. Hiring is hard. Hiring the right
people is incredibly hard. Sometimes you\'ll screw it up. We hired a
sales person in the very early days and we had to let him go because he
wasn\'t the culture fit it was because we hadn\'t had experience with
that kind of hiring before. And that\'s OK. You\'re going to screw up
hiring. You have to be in a place mentally where you can fix that later
on by letting someone go it sucks. Firing people is the worst but if
you\'re gonna start a company you have to be the kind of person that can
do that when it needs to get done and as your company matures and you go
through these different phases things are going to change. Your role is
going to drastically change over time. In the beginning I describe
myself as the janitor I was fixing things. Things always need to be
fixed. I was always cleaning things up and fixing things documenting
things things are going so fast that someone has to come back to fix
things up every once in a while. I was the janitor and this I think is
why titles are bullshit. Especially in the beginning of a company you
just throw all your titles away. Don\'t even worry about it don\'t
bicker about who\'s going to be the CEO or the CTO or the CFO all that
stuff is crap. All this stuff is crap in the beginning. There\'s way too
much to be done to specialize that early on. Things change a little bit
when you get bigger you start to specialize a little bit more. And then
it\'s really important to think from the early days. Do you have the
right mix of personality types. So for us I if I look at the different
people who are in the company in the early days and why we\'ve been able
to stay together as a team all four of us are still there today five
years later I\'m sort of the logical pragmatic one of the group. Chris
is more of the product visionary one PJ is kind of a business operations
minded person. And Scott gards the culture and creates as much happiness
as possible. These are four sort of different vectors and in having a
discussion in all are just all are decisions we would make by sitting
down over beers and coming to a conclusion that was sort of in the
middle. We would all check and balance each other. So think about when
you\'re collecting the right people. Do they have the right kind of mix
to be effective in the long term because that\'s what you\'re going for.

[00：01：44]我忘了我的遥控器。我需要我的遥控器。如果我没有我的东西，这就不会那么有影响了。好的谢谢先生。嘿你们要请客了。好的。现在我有了这个。好的所以让我做个定金，我为你们准备一些东西。一个公司除了做决定是由人做的以外，什么都不是。到目前为止，对我来说唯一重要的是人。人是唯一重要的东西，那些人最好是正确的人。所以，让我告诉你，在很早的时候找到一份工作，GET中心是由我自己创建的，我的联合创始人克里斯想离开。一开始是我们两个人。我所做的是设计，前端，就是视觉和斧头。我也做了非常后端的工作，这就是Rails代码访问在磁盘上获取存储库的方式，所以我是个奇怪的家伙，然后我做前端的东西，做后端的东西，但是在那之前我已经做了很长时间的Rails，我不太喜欢Rails。你可以告诉世界，我非常喜欢铁轨。所以，我通过你知道，在Ruby社区，去Ruby见Ups，这就是我发现我的联合创始人克里斯·斯特拉斯(ChrisStrath)非常喜欢Rails，他有一篇博客文章概述了如何成为最好的Rails开发人员。一切都很棒。我说这是一个我可以和他一起创办公司的人，因为我们有互补的技能。我做前面和后面的，他做中间的部分，我们一起做整个事情。结果很好，我们刚刚开始在附带项目上进行黑客攻击。但不久之后。这是一个关于你如何判断你的创业想法是否真的在吸引人的小窍门。你怎么能告诉人们喜欢它。对我们来说真正有效的一件事是，当人们来到我们的私人测试版时，他们问我能支付这个费用吗？我们没有计费系统，但他们却想为此付出代价。他们希望确保它继续存在，以便它能够继续解决他们的问题。因此，如果你的客户要求你在销售公司产品之前支付公司产品的费用，那将是一个好兆头。为了实现这一目标，为了让这家公司能够让人们真正买到它。我们雇了第三位联合创始人。他是在我们开始工作几个月后才上船的，他的第一件事就是建立计费系统。PJHiatt，所以现在我们有两个Rails的家伙，基本上和错误的做前面和后面，我们正在建立一个更好的人员和技能的组合，以完成我们需要做的事情。我们雇佣的第一位员工叫斯科特·科内，他是一位GET专家。因此，我们在公司达到了一个水平，在那里，我们的知识达到了极限，我们中没有人是真正的专家，但我们正在建设一个网站，GET Hubb，它是用来托管GET存储库的。所以，通过见面，我们遇到了斯科特，我们和他谈了谈产品，我们谈到了他如何去建造东西，而他就是那个建立了一个片段共享网站的人。他白手起家，把他的知识纳入方程式，这是他的第一项任务。所以你可以看到，他们聚集了更多的人，他们可以完成更多的事情。我们最大限度地利用我们的知识。让我们找个能增加这一点的人来。你会注意到，这些人中没有一个是商人，我们四个人都不是商人。我们谁也没有做过这么多的生意。我做过一些咨询，但这并不算什么。我们中没有人创造过大企业。我们都没有工商管理硕士学位，也没有这样的商业背景。所以我们都不是高管。我们中没有一个人在创建一家公司方面有过如此广泛的经验，作为一个刚开始创业的人，我们应该如何解决这个问题。那么，让我们雇用一名高管，因为他们知道自己在做什么。现在你有两个问题。事情是这样的。这里有一些高管，他们都是了不起的伟人，但他们知道的太多了，我认为这对一家创业公司来说是有害的，因为你真的在用另一种方式解决一个新的问题。你必须解决初学者头脑不知道的问题，因为你不知道这是不可能的，所以这是一个非常强大的工具。这就是为什么创业并不会意识到某些事情是不可能的，而且无论如何都会去做。我们之间的共同之处-最初在GET中心工作的人-在他们做错事的地方之前曾为坏公司工作过，如何不做某事的例子和如何做某事的例子一样好。我认为这就是公司的职责所在。公司解决问题。伟大的公司解决真正的问题，如果你从来没有经历过问题，那么你怎么知道什么是正确的解决方法。所以，你们都是来做初创公司的，加入创业公司来创建创业公司。我认为，如果你的选择是创建一家初创公司或尝试，而你知道，去为另一家公司工作，继续为其他公司工作并不是那么糟糕，因为它给了你一个非常好的视角，你可以不去做一些事情。所以在其他地方积累经验。没那么糟吧。在此之前，许多优秀的创业公司都有大量的全职工作。我有五个。在开始找工作之前我做了五份全职工作。因此，痛苦有时会为获得这些信息带来更好的结果。有件很棒的事情就是和人们聚在一起，我们总是在一起喝啤酒，我们会讨论我们遇到的问题。我们会去一家名为O‘Reilly的酒吧，在旧金山的北海滩，我们只会讨论那些大问题。人是非常重要的，对产品的方向有相同的想法是很重要的。做同样的事情会让你向前推进。如果你发现自己与你的共同创始人或你创建的非常小的团队相处不融洽，那么你首先要退一步，评估这个问题，因为我不认为如果你们互相争斗，你们就不能有效地向前推进。看那儿如果你没有真正想清楚那意味着什么，你就应该和睦相处。招聘是很难的。雇佣合适的人是非常困难的。有时候你会搞砸的。我们很早就雇了一名销售人员，我们不得不让他走，因为他的文化不适合，这是因为我们以前没有这样的招聘经验。那也没关系。你会搞砸招聘的。你必须呆在一个精神上的地方，在那里你以后可以通过放某人走来解决这个问题-这太糟糕了。解雇员工是最糟糕的，但如果你想创办一家公司，你必须是那种在公司需要完成时才能做到这一点的人，随着公司的成熟，你经历了这些不同的阶段，事情就会发生变化。随着时间的推移，你的角色将会发生巨大的变化。一开始，我把自己描述成看门人，我在修东西。事情总是需要解决的。我总是清理东西，修理东西，记录事情进展得如此之快，以至于每隔一段时间就得有人回来修理东西。我是看门人，我想这就是为什么头衔是胡说八道的原因。尤其是在一家公司刚成立的时候，你就把你所有的头衔都扔掉了。甚至不用担心这件事，不要为谁会成为首席执行官、首席技术官或首席财务官而争吵-所有这些都是一派胡言。一开始这些东西都是垃圾。要尽早把它专门化，还有很多事情要做。事情发生了一些变化，当你变得更大的时候，你就开始变得更专业了。从早期开始思考就很重要了。你有合适的性格组合吗。所以对我们来说，如果我看看早期在公司工作的不同的人，以及为什么我们能够作为一个团队呆在一起-五年后我们四个人都还在一起-我就算是一个合乎逻辑的、务实的团队了。克里斯是更有远见的产品，一位PJ是一位有商业经营头脑的人。斯科特对文化进行了掩饰，创造了尽可能多的幸福。这些是四种不同的向量，在讨论中，我们都是通过坐下来喝啤酒，得出一个中间的结论来做决定的。我们都会互相制衡。所以想想当你收集合适的人的时候。从长远来看，他们是否有合适的组合才能有效，因为这正是你所要追求的。

\[00:11:22\] So always think about how every person can effectively push
the company forward if you can hire someone How are they going to push
the company forward. Because companies don\'t do things people do things
and that\'s why people are all that matters. And so I\'m going to have
to audience help me for this real quick. I want everyone from here over
to on the count of 3 so 1 2 3 and then go read this off and say people
are the only thing that matters. You ready. One two three people are the
only thing that matters.

[00：11：22]所以，一定要想一想，如果你能雇用一个人，每个人都能有效地推动公司前进，他们将如何推动公司前进呢？因为公司不做别人做的事情，这就是为什么人才是最重要的。所以我必须让观众们帮我这么快。我希望从这里开始，每个人都要数到3×12~3，然后把这个读下来，说人是唯一重要的东西。你准备好了。一个人三个人是唯一重要的东西。

\[00:11:59\] Thank you. You\'re an excellent audience.

[00：11：59]谢谢。你是个很棒的观众。

\[00:12:03\] But wait customers don\'t interact with people not when
you\'re building a product. So how can they be the most important thing.

[00：12：03]但是等待的顾客不会在你生产产品的时候和人打交道，所以他们怎么可能是最重要的。

\[00:12:17\] Product is actually the only thing that matters and things
are getting interesting. I think when you\'re thinking about your
product you need to start with design. It\'s how your customers interact
with your products.

[00：12：17]产品实际上是唯一重要的东西，而且事情正在变得有趣。我认为当你想到你的产品时，你需要从设计开始，这是你的客户如何与你的产品互动。

\[00:12:34\] It\'s what they see it\'s what they feel. Think of it like
an automobile. We all understand cars and trucks and things right. This
is your this is your experience this is what you\'re creating you\'re
creating something that is like a vehicle. Vehicles to us make a lot of
sense. They\'ve been refined year over year for a large part of last
century. So they become very good we all understand them. This is what
you\'re going for a product that feels so natural that it\'s like a car
you can just get in. You can drive it off the steering wheels here. This
pedal makes you go in this metal pedal makes you stop. That\'s the
product and what you exclude from your product is just as important as
what you include in your product. Take for instance Volkswagen the bug
that had the little flower Vaisse right. What the hell was that. Now
every time you get in your car it smells like dead organic matter and
you wonder if Volkswagen the company is just the same thing is this
dying company that\'s including these crazy things into their product.
What you what you leave out is just as important.

[00：12：34]这是他们所看到的，是他们的感受。把它想象成一辆汽车。我们都明白汽车、卡车和其他东西是正确的。这是你的，这是你的经验，这是你所创造的东西，就像一辆车。车辆对我们来说很有意义。它们在上个世纪的大部分时间里都是一年比一年改进的。所以他们变得很好我们都理解他们。这就是你想要的产品，它感觉非常自然，就像一辆你可以直接上车的汽车。你可以把它从方向盘上开下来。这个踏板让你进入这个金属踏板让你停下来。这就是你的产品，你从你的产品中排除出来的东西和你在产品中包含的内容一样重要。举个例子，大众的小花Vaisse的小虫子是对的。那是什么鬼东西。现在，每次你上车的时候，闻起来都像死了的有机物，你在想，大众汽车公司是不是也是一样的东西呢？这个垂死的公司把这些疯狂的东西都包括进了他们的产品里。你遗漏的东西同样重要。

\[00:13:45\] Everything that you add makes everything else less
important.

[00：13：45]你添加的每一件事都会使其他的事情变得不那么重要。

\[00:13:52\] So if you\'ve got your awesome car Ray in and you put that
big spoiler on the back then you\'re neon ground effects aren\'t going
to be as awesome because people are distracted by the spoiler. So think
about that everything that you add dilutes the entire product. Art
designer our first dedicated designer that we hired Kyle Knief has a
very nice way of putting this he says focus over features and I think
that\'s a very important thing to remember especially when you\'re early
you can\'t do everything. So the things that you do had better be
awesome they better be the right things and don\'t deluded by just
tacking on every possible thing that you can think of thinking that
users want just as many features as possible. People want great products
not as many features as they want. If you screw up your design then you
screw up your product. So make sure that one of your cofounders is
design minded. For us it was me. If you\'re gonna do a startup and
you\'re thinking about OK I\'m a technical guy and all all hire my
technical friends and start a company together now you need a designer.
Go find a designer someone who is going to make your product something
that customers want to use instead of stuff like the administrative
screens of open source projects that we see today. It\'s the big problem
with open source is that there\'s not a lot of designers involved.

[00：13：52]如果你的车很棒，雷，你在后面放了一个大的扰流板，那么你的霓虹灯地面效果就不会那么棒了，因为人们会被扰流板分散注意力。所以想一想，你添加的所有东西都会稀释整个产品。我们聘请的第一位致力于艺术设计的设计师凯尔·克尼夫(Kyle Knief)用一种很好的方式表达了这一点，他说，专注于功能，我认为这是一件非常重要的事情，尤其是在你还早的时候，你不能什么都做。所以，你所做的事情最好是很棒的，它们最好是正确的东西，不要被你认为用户想要尽可能多的功能的每一件可能的事情所迷惑。人们需要伟大的产品，而不像他们想要的那样多。如果你搞砸了你的设计，那么你就把你的产品搞砸了。所以，确保你的联合创始人之一是有设计意识的。对我们来说是我。如果你要做一家初创公司，而你又在考虑好的话，我是个技术人员，所有的人都会雇佣我的技术朋友，一起创办一家公司，现在你需要一个设计师。去找一个设计师，他会让你的产品成为客户想要使用的东西，而不是像我们今天看到的开源项目的管理屏幕这样的东西。开源的最大问题在于没有太多的设计师参与进来。

\[00:15:19\] That\'s not what you want your company to be like.

[00：15：19]那不是你想让你的公司成为什么样的人。

\[00:15:23\] Another thing is to think very much about your mission.
What is the mission of your company. And I think that you should be able
to say your mission in one sentence and in fact probably in less than 10
words. So for us when get started our mission was very simple. In fact
it was on the Web site. Some of you might remember it said get hosting
no longer a pain in the ass because that was the core problem that we
were trying to solve may get hosting really easy so you can share code
with your friends. It was a very simple mission. Over time once we got
further down the road of accomplishing that we started thinking more
about developers as a whole. What do they need to do to be effective at
creating software. It\'s more than just getting repositories online now
it\'s about collaboration. It\'s about them working together. And so we
changed our mission. We stated it as make developers lives better
everyday. So we expanded the scope of what we were trying to solve. Then
we started building internal tools for ourselves. Things that are
beneficial to creating a software business. And we started thinking
about things a little bit differently still. So we\'re going broader. We
started saying we use get help to build get Hobb because it\'s more
products than just getWeb.com things like some things that you have seen
like the jobs side jobs like it have dot com things like just a bigger
suite of products that can help you solve more problems.

[00：15：23]另一件事是好好想想你的使命。你们公司的任务是什么。我认为你应该能够用一句话来表达你的使命，事实上，你应该用不到10个字来表达你的使命。所以对我们来说，当我们开始的时候，我们的任务非常简单。事实上它在网站上。你们中的一些人可能还记得它说，获得托管不再是一个痛苦的屁股，因为这是我们试图解决的核心问题，可能会使托管变得非常容易，这样您就可以与您的朋友共享代码。这是一个非常简单的任务。随着时间的推移，我们在完成这一目标的道路上走得更远，我们开始更多地考虑开发人员作为一个整体。他们需要做些什么才能有效地创建软件。它不仅仅是让存储库在线，现在它是关于协作的。是关于他们一起工作的。所以我们改变了任务。我们说这是为了让开发者每天都过得更好。所以我们扩大了我们想要解决的问题的范围。然后我们开始为自己建立内部工具。有利于创建软件业务的事情。我们开始考虑一些不同的事情。所以我们要走得更远。我们开始说我们用GET帮助来构建GET HOBB，因为它比仅仅获得Web.com的产品更多，有些东西你已经看到了，比如工作方面的工作，比如它有点COM，就像一个更大的产品套件，可以帮助你解决更多的问题。

\[00:16:58\] Now the final vision that we have now is what we call
making it easier to work together than to work alone. You\'ll see that
it\'s completely divorced from software altogether. And so I will
actually answer your question what are we going to do with 100 million
dollars. It\'s that how many people in the world use code how many
people in the world write code. 30 million maybe 40 if you\'re lucky.
How many people are there in the world. There\'s a lot more room to fix
collaboration than just software. But this took a long time to get to.
We didn\'t start with this idea of fixing collaboration for the world.
We started with the idea of getting a repository from your computer onto
the Internet. That was it. So remember that when you\'re solving a
problem pick something that you can solve hopefully there\'s a direction
that you can go that becomes bigger. Right.

[00：16：58]现在，我们现在的最终愿景是，我们所称的使我们更容易一起工作，而不是独自工作。你会发现它完全脱离了软件。所以我会回答你的问题，我们要用1亿美元做什么？世界上有多少人使用代码，世界上有多少人编写代码。如果你幸运的话，三千万也许四千万。世界上有多少人。除了软件之外，还有更多的空间来解决协作问题。但这需要很长时间才能完成。我们不是从这个想法开始的，那就是为世界解决合作问题。我们一开始的想法是从你的电脑上获得一个储存库到互联网上。就这样了。所以请记住，当你解决一个问题的时候，选择一些你能解决的事情，希望有一个方向，你可以去，它会变得更大。右（边），正确的

\[00:17:58\] But choose something small in the beginning that you can
actually solve if you bootstrap like we did and your product becomes
popular. Then you\'ll also be faced with a choice which is are we going
to do this as a lifestyle business as our product going to be a
lifestyle very niche kind of thing. And yeah it\'ll make your lives
really your lives really good you can live with that. That way that\'s
awesome. Lots of people do this. That\'s great. But you also be faced
with a choice which is do we want to blow this out.

[00：17：58]但是，在开始的时候，选择一些小的东西，如果你像我们一样引导你，并且你的产品变得流行的话，你实际上可以解决这个问题。然后你也会面临一个选择，那就是，我们是否会把这作为一种生活方式来做，因为我们的产品将成为一种非常利基的生活方式。是的，这会让你的生活变得很好，你可以忍受这样的生活。那样的话那就太棒了。很多人都这么做。太棒了。但你也面临着一个选择，那就是我们是否想把这一切搞砸。

\[00:18:31\] We want to change the world. If people like your product
you\'ve got a bunch of users that\'s a choice that you\'ll have to make.
I like to think about it like the TV show Lost. How many of you have
seen that show. Lots of you have seen that show yes. I think the saddest
thing in the world is a squandered opportunity. And that\'s what lost
was.

[00：18：31]我们想改变世界。如果人们喜欢你的产品，你就会有一群用户，这是你必须做出的选择。我喜欢把它想成电视节目丢失的样子。你们中有多少人看过这个节目。很多人都看过那个节目。我认为世界上最可悲的事情是浪费了机会。这就是失去的原因。

\[00:19:03\] So that\'s the question when you\'re faced with that
choice. Think about what do you want to do with your life. What are we
trying to accomplish. I think you\'re all here today to solve big
problems. So maybe you\'ve already made that choice but you might have
to make it for real. Down the road don\'t squander an opportunity. Go
for it. Don\'t be like Lost. For us it was the decision to reinvest
everything that we made in the company into the company instead of
banking it out putting in our own bank accounts. It is also why we
raised a hundred million dollars because GetUp is an opportunity. We
don\'t want to squander it.

[00：19：03]当你面临这样的选择时，这就是问题所在。想想你想用你的生活做什么。我们想要实现什么。我想你们今天都是来解决大问题的。所以，也许你已经做出了这个选择，但你可能不得不让它成为现实。在路上不要浪费机会。勇敢点儿不要像迷路一样。对我们来说，这是一项决定，将我们在公司中所做的一切再投资到公司，而不是把它存入我们自己的银行账户。这也是为什么我们筹集了一亿美元，因为Getup是一个机会。我们不想浪费它。

\[00:19:46\] Don\'t worry too much about when you enter a market. Almost
every product in the world is terrible. Look at the list of products the
things that use everyday. Most of them are just downright crap. If you
know this and this is something that Apple knows very well with devices
like the iPad right how many tablet computers were there before the iPad
dozens all terrible. Apple comes along and through making a good product
they won. That\'s what product means and that is why product is all that
matters. So you center section on a count of three. Please help me in
saying this phrase 1 to 3 product is all that matters.

[00：19：46]当你进入市场时，不要太担心。世界上几乎所有的产品都是可怕的。看看每天使用的产品清单。他们中的大多数都是彻头彻尾的垃圾。如果你知道这一点-这是苹果对iPad这样的设备非常熟悉的东西-那么，在iPad之前，有多少台平板电脑，所有这些都很糟糕。苹果公司的出现是因为他们制造了一款他们赢得的好产品。这就是产品的含义，这就是为什么产品才是最重要的。所以你把中心部分数到三。请帮助我说这个短语1到3产品才是最重要的。

\[00:20:39\] But wait.

[00：20：39]但是等等。

\[00:20:43\] Products only come into being when people make decisions
like we started with and the best decisions are made according to a
consistent philosophy.

[00：20：43]产品只有在人们做出决定的时候才会产生，就像我们开始做的那样，而最好的决定是根据一致的哲学做出的。

\[00:20:54\] So philosophy is all that matters. Philosophy derives from
your people get again we never set out to create a specific culture.

[00：20：54]所以哲学才是最重要的。哲学起源于你的人民，我们从来没有开始创造一种特定的文化。

\[00:21:08\] The people that we hired created the culture at some point
you might want to codify this culture that is inherently created through
the people that you hire so that you can communicate it well. Let me
briefly explain what to me the five core values of get Alvar. Number one
optimizing for happiness. If you want to learn more about that watch my
talk from two years ago optimizing for happiness means think about what
you\'re doing and how it\'s going to create more happiness in the world
for your customers for your team members and for your shareholders. If
you do options like most startups do then your team members are also
your shareholders. If you raise money then your shareholders are part of
that equation as well.

[00：21：08]我们雇佣的人在某个时候创造了文化，你可能想要编纂这种文化，这种文化是通过你雇佣的人与生俱来创造出来的，这样你就可以很好地沟通它。让我简单地向我解释一下获得阿尔瓦的五个核心价值。幸福的第一优化。如果你想更多地了解这一点，看我两年前的演讲，“幸福优化”意味着，想想你在做什么，以及它将如何为你的客户、你的团队成员和你的股东创造更多的快乐。如果你像大多数初创公司一样做选择，那么你的团队成员也是你的股东。如果你筹集资金，那么你的股东也是这个等式的一部分。

\[00:22:00\] If you do those things if you optimize for happiness. My
theory is that profits will result naturally and it puts you on the
right path to do things that matter. Number two best argument wins.

[00：22：00]如果你做那些事情，如果你为幸福而优化。我的理论是，利润是自然产生的，它会让你走上正确的道路，去做重要的事情。第二，最好的辩论获胜。

\[00:22:16\] This means that it\'s not about ego. It\'s not about who
you are where you came from. It\'s about making good arguments. Backing
them up and being open to other people\'s arguments. This is critical to
avoiding politics within a company. You can argue about something that
matters and the argument is the thing and not the people behind it. Then
you can have good results. You can create a good product and you can
avoid politics. Number three working from first principles. Everything
that we do we do from scratch. You might think this is very inefficient.
Sometimes it is but we think through every problem that way because
GitHub is a unique company just like every company is unique. You can\'t
just take the ideas that work for some other company and apply them to
yourself and in fact you can\'t take the ideas that I give you today or
anyone gives you today and just copy them and expect them to work for
you.

[00：22：16]这意味着它与自我无关。这与你来自何方无关。这是关于提出好的论点。支持他们并对其他人的论点敞开心扉。这对于避免公司内部政治至关重要。你可以争论一些重要的事情，争论是事情，而不是背后的人。这样你就能得到好的结果。你可以创造一个好的产品，你可以避免政治。第三条原则。我们从零开始做的每一件事。你可能会认为这是非常低效的。有时候是这样，但我们这样思考每一个问题，因为GitHub是一家独特的公司，就像每一家公司都是独一无二的一样。你不能只接受对其他公司有用的想法，把它们应用到你自己身上。事实上，你不能接受我今天给你的想法，或者任何人今天给你的想法，只是照搬它们，期待它们为你工作。

\[00:23:13\] You have to think about what it means for your company.
This is how you create something new something better. Number four
create superfans Traviss talk about Uber and how they delight their
users on certain holidays giving them a motorcade. That\'s the kind of
stuff that I\'m talking about for us. We do drink ups. It\'s like a
meetup except it\'s at a bar and we buy you beer for developers. This
turns out to be incredibly effective. Laughter That\'s just one of many
things how we deal with support. What I love about our support team is
that we measure our success the success of a support interaction by
counting how many exclamation points are in the response from an end
user. That\'s creating superfans creating that kind of experience that
goes above and beyond what is expected. And number five be awesome and
change the world. That one\'s pretty self-explanatory. So if you have a
strong culture you can use it as a hiring tool. It\'s amazingly
effective and this is really critical today as it becomes more and more
difficult to hire as all of you who would normally be entering the
workforce are instead starting your own companies. The pool of
candidates is smaller. The competition is higher since the early days of
get how we\'ve evangelized our way of working our culture and our values
and the philosophy that gives us that higher purpose. All of this allows
you to attract the kind of people that naturally fit your philosophy.
And so those people that you\'re attracting through this communication
will make the right kinds of decisions and since decisions are how make
people make products. The philosophy that guides those decisions is all
that matters. So please third segment of the audience on 3 1 2 3.
Philosophy is all that matters.

[00：23：13]你必须考虑这对你的公司意味着什么。这就是你如何创造新的东西-更好的东西。第四，创造超级粉丝Traviss谈论优步，以及他们如何在特定的假期取悦他们的用户，给他们一个车队。这就是我对我们说的那种东西。我们确实喝了酒。它就像一个聚会，除了在酒吧，我们给你买啤酒给开发商。结果证明这是非常有效的。笑，这只是我们如何对待支持的许多事情之一。关于我们的支持团队，我最喜欢的是，我们通过计算最终用户的响应中有多少感叹号来衡量我们的成功-支持交互的成功。这就创造了超级粉丝，创造了超出预期的体验。第五，要令人敬畏，改变世界。那件事很容易解释。因此，如果你有一个强大的文化，你可以使用它作为招聘工具。这是非常有效的，这是非常关键的今天，因为它变得越来越难雇用，因为你们所有人，谁通常进入劳动力市场，而不是创建自己的公司。候选人人数较少。从早期开始，我们就开始宣传我们的工作方式、我们的文化、我们的价值观，以及赋予我们更高目标的哲学，所以竞争更加激烈。所有这些都能让你吸引到与你的哲学相契合的人。所以那些你通过交流吸引的人会做出正确的决定，因为决策是如何让人们制造产品的。指导这些决定的哲学才是最重要的。所以请第三部分的观众在3，12，2，3.哲学才是最重要的。

\[00:25:26\] I\'m not convinced that you believe it but okay so I\'ve
told you three things that are the only things that matter.

[00：25：26]我不相信你相信它，但是好的，所以我告诉你三件事，这是唯一重要的事情。

\[00:25:35\] How can that possibly be. Which of these things three
things is the only thing that matters. I don\'t think I have to answer
that question.

[00：25：35]那怎么可能。这三件事中哪一件是唯一重要的。我不认为我必须回答那个问题。

\[00:25:44\] I think it\'s a false Tricon to me.

[00：25：44]我认为这对我来说是个虚假的骗局。

\[00:25:50\] Someone really enjoyed that joke. They do oh lord I\'m not
done yet. Hold on hold on hold hold on. I\'m not going to end on false
dichotomy. Laughter. In reality in reality just like the three quirks of
it Adam cannot exist on their own people product and philosophy are also
inseparable.

[00：25：50]有人真的很喜欢这个笑话。上帝啊，他们还没有完成。等等。我不会以虚假的二分法结束。笑声。实际上，就像它的三个怪癖一样，亚当不可能存在于他们自己的人身上，产品和哲学也是不可分割的。

\[00:26:21\] So do you guys remember what was the only thing that
mattered people. Do you guys remember the only thing that mattered.
Product. Do you guys remember the only thing that mattered. Philosophy
on 3. Everybody say what you said before together 1 to 3. If you master
these things then you will finally have the answer to the question how
do I raise 100 million dollars thank you.


[00：26：21]你们还记得唯一关系到人的事吗？你们还记得唯一重要的事吗。产品。你们还记得唯一重要的事吗。哲学3。每个人都说你在一起之前说的1到3。如果你掌握了这些东西，那么你最终会有答案的问题，我如何筹集1亿美元，谢谢。

