**Travis Kalanick at Startup School 2012-rQ6GoY2\_Ujw.mp4**

*Travis Kalanick在2012年创业学校-rQ6GoY2\_Ujw.mp4*

\[00:00:00\] Wow this is awesome. OK. This place is full. All right. So
good to meet all of you My name\'s Travis Kalanick co-founder CEO of
Uber. Let\'s see so I do a lot of speaking because we are we\'re a
technology company that is we\'re in the trenches we\'re in the cities
you know more than half of our employees are not in San Francisco. And I
almost I don\'t even remember the last time I spoke in San Francisco in
front of an audience. Every time I go to speak somewhere I look I go on
Google and I look at the roads I look at architecture I look at cool
pictures I input that are iconic. I\'m going to speak in Silicon Valley.
I\'m searching google images and I can\'t find anything. And so yeah
there you go. It\'s good to be here laughter. And it was I found a
little something. All right. So guys I\'m guessing most people here at
least know what Uber is. But for those of you who don\'t I\'m going to
go do sort of a basic tour just really quick. It\'s an app on your
iPhone that helps you get a car. Our motto is everyone\'s private driver
and so you. You open up the app and you see a bunch of cars that are
near you. This is one of the San Francisco cars three minutes away. And
GM will arrive in two minutes. He\'s rated a four point eight. And this
is of course all screen shots from your app. When he arrives you\'re
told you\'re notified in call the driver of course and if you\'re lucky
he\'ll open the door for you when you\'re done. This is a short trip.
Fifteen dollars that\'s our minimum in San Francisco. Of course we have
lower cost options. Now we have something called Uber axe a couple days
ago we launched taxi in San Francisco for a lot of folks are like
you\'re doing taxes here the anti taxi what are you doing. We know what
we\'re doing. But laughter we\'ll get to that in just a second. All
right. So some basics launched in June 2010. So we\'re we\'re just over
two years old. We don\'t own cars we don\'t employ drivers. A lot of
people don\'t know that about us. They think we we have all these
assets. They think that we employ lots of cars we don\'t have 120
employees most of which are not in San Francisco. We don\'t have a
marketing spend. We\'re deployed in 17 cities for some reason they\'re
16 here. We actually just softe launched in Sydney a couple days ago
actually yesterday. Amsterdam is coming very very shortly. And I think
Minneapolis\'s and on here we did that a couple weeks ago. So quick
numbers hundreds of thousands of hours driven per week. Very interesting
engagement figure 50 percent of all the people who have ever written on
Uber have ridden in the last 30 days. And remember when you ride your
pain. So think about commerce. About e-commerce site or our ecommerce
app or 50 percent of the people who\'ve ever paid paid in the last 30
days. Average person is paying about 105 dollars a month in San
Francisco is a bit higher than that. Prices are probably a bit too high.
I know some of you felt that sting. We\'re doing 26 percent month over
month growth. That\'s an average over the last now 16 17 months. You go
OK. Well if you start really low then you can grow really big but we\'re
pretty big. Twelve months ago and if you do 26 percent month over month
growth that means in 12 months you\'re 16 times bigger than you were
four months ago. So we\'re growing fast and in fact September over
August was 29 percent month over month. So I want to tell a little bit
about our background and then hopefully if I have enough time get into
some of the regulatory stuff which I know none of you guys want to hear
about. All right. So this you can\'t see really well because of all the
lights but it\'s a romantic shot from the Eiffel Tower between with me
and my co-founder Gary camp some you guys may Noam Hughesy founder
stumble upon. It was in Paris at Le Web where we came up with this idea
essentially you know he said look I just want to push a button and get a
ride. You know let\'s and let\'s make it a classy ride. And that\'s kind
of how we started. Paris in many ways is a sister city of San Francisco.
Impossible to get a cab there. So this is something from the past. This
is what we call Halee. I\'m not sure if you guys have ever done that but
some people actually put their arm out to get a cab. I don\'t I don\'t
know what\'s going on. It\'s a weird thing but this is what we used to
see in San Francisco. I went through that when we first started actually
it wasn\'t about taking over the world it wasn\'t about taking on
corruption in every city around the world. It was actually just about
being baller in San Francisco. And the only way to do it. The original
idea was let\'s go buy 10 EST classes.

[00：00]哇这太棒了。好的这地方满了。好的很高兴认识你们所有人，我的名字叫特拉维斯·卡兰尼克，优步的联合创始人之一。让我们看看，所以我做了很多演讲，因为我们是一家科技公司，也就是说，我们在战壕里，我们在城市里，你知道，我们一半以上的员工不是在旧金山。我甚至都不记得上一次在旧金山当着观众的面发言是什么时候了。每次我去某个地方演讲，我就去谷歌，看看道路，看看建筑，看看我输入的很酷的图片，这些都是标志性的。我要在硅谷发言。我正在搜索谷歌图片，却什么也找不到。所以是的，给你。能在这里笑真好。我发现了点东西。好的所以，我猜这里的大多数人至少知道优步是什么。但是对于那些不想去的人来说，我要去做一次基本的旅行，非常快。这是你iPhone上的一个应用程序，可以帮你买到一辆车。我们的座右铭是每个人的私人司机，所以你。打开这个应用程序，你会看到一堆车就在你身边。这是旧金山三分钟车程中的一辆。通用汽车将在两分钟内到达。他被评为四点八。当然，这是你应用程序的所有屏幕截图。当他来的时候，你会被告知你会接到通知，当然，如果你幸运的话，他会在你完成任务后帮你开门。这是一次短途旅行。我们在旧金山的最低限额是十五美元。当然，我们有较低的成本选择。几天前，我们在旧金山推出了一款名为优步(Uber)的出租车，因为很多人都喜欢你在这里征税，反出租车，你在做什么呢？我们知道我们在做什么。但是笑声，我们马上就能讲到这一点。好的因此，2010年6月推出了一些基础设施。所以我们才两岁多。我们没有汽车，我们不雇用司机。很多人不知道我们的事。他们认为我们拥有所有这些资产。他们认为我们雇佣了大量的汽车，我们没有120名员工，其中大部分不在旧金山。我们没有营销支出。我们被部署在17个城市，原因是他们在这里只有16个。实际上，几天前我们刚刚在悉尼发布，实际上是昨天。阿姆斯特丹很快就要来了。我想明尼阿波利斯是的，我们几周前就这么做了。每周开车数十万小时。非常有趣的是，在过去30天里，所有在Uber上写过文章的人中，有50%的人都骑过自行车。记住当你骑着你的痛苦。所以想想商业吧。关于电子商务网站或我们的电子商务应用程序，或者是在过去30天中付费的50%的人。旧金山的平均月薪是105美元，比这略高一点。价格可能有点太高了。我知道你们中的一些人感到刺痛。我们的月增长率为26%。这是过去16个17个月的平均水平。你可以走了。好吧，如果你开始的时候很低，那么你可以长得很大，但是我们很大。12个月前，如果你按月增长26%，这意味着在12个月内，你比4个月前要大16倍。因此，我们的增长速度非常快，事实上，9月份比8月份增长了29%。所以我想告诉大家一些关于我们的背景，然后希望如果我有足够的时间，进入一些监管的东西，我知道，你们谁都不想听到。好的所以，你不能很好地看到，因为所有的灯光，但这是一个浪漫的拍摄之间的埃菲尔铁塔与我和我的共同创始人加里营地，有些人，可能是诺姆休斯创始人偶然发现。这是在巴黎勒维网，我们提出了这个想法，基本上，你知道，他说，看，我只是想按一个按钮，然后搭上车。你知道，让我们让它成为一个优雅的旅程。我们就是这样开始的。巴黎在很多方面都是旧金山的姐妹城市。不可能在那里打车。所以这是过去的事。这就是我们所说的海莉。我不确定你们是否曾经这样做过，但有些人实际上是为了打车而伸出手来的。我不知道发生了什么事。这是一件很奇怪的事，但这是我们过去在旧金山看到的。我经历过，当我们第一次开始的时候，实际上不是要接管世界，而不是在世界各地的每一个城市都要面对腐败。实际上是为了成为旧金山的一名球员。也是唯一的办法。最初的想法是让我们去买10个EST课程。

\[00:05:10\] Let\'s hire 20 drivers and let\'s get a parking garage. And
I\'m like Garrett we\'re not buying any car Stu and we\'re not signing
any lease on a parking garage. But the idea of pushing a button and
getting a ride in within minutes was a magical one. And at the beginning
it was a lifestyle thing. It was as classes for us and our hundred
friends. And so that\'s where it started. In order to use the app
anybody could download it but in order to use it you had to have a
special code that I gave you. And pretty soon the inbox was just getting
full of people who wanted the code because our friends were telling
their friends and then you know I searched on Google images is my
favorite thing.

[00：05：10]让我们雇20名司机，让我们拥有一个停车场。我就像加勒特，我们不买任何汽车，斯图，我们也不签任何停车场的租约。但是，在几分钟内按下按钮并搭上车的想法是一个神奇的想法。一开始这是一种生活方式。这是给我们和我们上百个朋友上课的。这就是开始的地方。为了使用这个应用程序，任何人都可以下载它，但为了使用它，你必须有一个特殊的代码，我给你。很快，收件箱里就挤满了想要代码的人，因为我们的朋友告诉他们的朋友，然后你知道我搜索谷歌图片是我最喜欢的事情。

\[00:05:50\] Explosive viral growth on the Internet. And there you go.
That was the best one I could find. We have this thing called God view.
This is an older version of God. You can see much more what\'s going on
today but I can\'t show you the new version of God. It\'s too intense.
But this is a screenshot of a Friday night. Very soon after we launch
maybe a few weeks or something like that we had four trips going on at
the same time we were going nuts. For trips like we got trips going on
we got to dispatch the green line at the top there. That\'s a dispatch.
He shouldn\'t have his arm up but he does but he\'s got to he\'s got a
little briefcase which is cool. That\'s Friday night early on in. Now
this is 5:00a.m. on a Monday.

[00：05：50]互联网上的病毒爆炸性增长。然后就到了。这是我能找到的最好的了。我们有一种叫神观的东西。这是旧版的上帝。你可以看到更多今天发生的事情，但我不能给你看新版本的上帝。太紧张了。但这是周五晚上的截图。不久后，我们推出，也许几个星期或类似的，我们有四次旅行，在同一时间，我们是疯了。对于像我们正在进行的旅行一样，我们必须派遣在顶部的绿线在那里。那是一次调度。他不应该举起手臂，但他必须这样做-他有一个很酷的小公文包。那是星期五晚上。现在是早上5点。在星期一。

\[00:06:45\] The eyeballs by the way you see some eyeballs. Every once
in a while in there that\'s somebody opening an app. So we see when
people open apps that helps us in demand prediction. Remember we\'re a
logistics company or what I\'d call it. We were building an urban
logistics fabric. So when you do something successful. Not everybody\'s
happy. And the older the industry you are tackling the the more
protected it is by government or by corruption or by both the more
they\'re going to be upset about what you do. We\'re making drivers
lives a hell of a lot better they\'re making a lot more money they\'re
making ends meet they\'re living their American dream. And Uber is
helping them do that. Riders are getting around town much more
efficiently I\'m not sure who hurts from this other than a particular
incumbent industry which I would mention.

[00：06：45]你看到一些眼球的方式。每隔一段时间，就会有人在里面打开一个应用程序。所以当人们打开应用程序来帮助我们预测需求时，我们会看到。记住，我们是一家物流公司，或者我会怎么称呼它。我们在建设一个城市物流体系。所以当你成功的时候。不是每个人都快乐。而且，你所处理的行业越老，它就越受到政府、腐败或两者的保护，他们对你所做的事情就会感到更加不安。我们让司机生活得更好，他们赚了更多的钱，他们的收入达到了他们的美梦。优步正在帮助他们做到这一点。骑手们在城里走来走去的效率要高得多，我不知道除了我要提到的一个特定的现有行业之外，谁会因此受到伤害。

\[00:07:39\] So a few metrics look when I\'m having a bad day I just go
to our overall revenue graph laughter.

[00：07：39]所以当我有一个糟糕的一天的时候，我只看我们的总收入图表笑声。

\[00:07:55\] This is a cool trick in Photoshop if you take that image
and you flip it. It\'s like a smile. OK. All right. That\'s just
gratuitous. OK. Look we launched in Sanford. Oh by the way. So this.
This is what. 26 percent month over month growth looks like and many
times when I show this when I when I do presentations in cities every
time we launch in a city we do this big launch event sort of have some
high rollers and people who really make the city move. We sort of pay
our respects to that city and and do a really nice dinner. And these
folks are always leaning to the left looking for the Axis. When we first
launched first a lot of people go wow it\'s successful it\'s so obvious
I call it the the hand to the palm to foresaid moment when they learn
about Uber they\'re like I had this idea or I should have had this idea.
When we first launched guys it wasn\'t easy getting our angel around.
People thought we were crazy limos in San Francisco. But it took off
like I said. And so one of the interesting things before we went to our
series they are sorry this is actually before our series be here which
we did in November of last year. Was is this a one hit wonder or not is
this only going to work in San Cisco because it\'s so screwed up. And so
we start launching in other cities and this is a revenue chart on a
weekly it\'s a weekly window which you could think of as like almost a
moving average blue is San Francisco yellow is New York.

[00：07：55]这是Photoshop中的一个很酷的技巧，如果你拍下这张照片，然后翻转它。就像一个微笑。好的好的那是没有报酬的。好的听着我们在桑福德启动了。顺便问一下。所以这个。这就是什么。月增长率是26%，很多时候，当我在城市里做演讲的时候，每次我们在一个城市里做一个大发布会，我们都会有一些高压路客和一些真正推动城市发展的人。我们对那座城市表示敬意，并做了一顿非常好的晚餐。这些人总是倾向于左倾寻找轴心。当我们第一次推出优步的时候，很多人都很成功，这很明显，我称之为“掌上明珠”，可以预见到当他们了解优步的时候，他们就像我有了这个想法，或者我应该有这样的想法。当我们第一次发射的时候，让我们的天使四处走动并不容易。人们认为我们是旧金山的疯狂豪华轿车。但它像我说的那样起飞了。所以，在我们开始我们的系列之前，有一件有趣的事情，他们很抱歉，这实际上是在我们的系列之前，我们在去年11月做的。这是不是一个热门奇迹，这是不是只会在圣西斯科工作，因为它是如此糟糕。因此，我们开始在其他城市推出，这是一份每周收入图表，这是一个每周的窗口，你可以认为这几乎是一个移动平均线，蓝色是旧金山，黄色是纽约。

\[00:09:34\] This is early on the brown is Seattle and the green there
Chicago obviously we\'re way past that. Now this is like sort of the
first 100 days. But what we found is that every city we were rolling out
would just say hey we didn\'t know it was going to work. Every city we
were rolling out got progressively better. Our operation side of the
house got very efficient and then the technology and the number of
people who knew about when we go in we went in to New York. We had a
thousand people with credit cards on file without a car on the ground.

[00：09：34]这是早在布朗是西雅图和绿色的芝加哥，显然我们已经超过了这一点。这就像是头100天。但我们发现，我们推出的每一个城市都会说：“嘿，我们不知道它会起作用。”我们推出的每一个城市都逐渐变得更好。我们的操作方面变得非常有效率，然后技术和人数，谁知道，当我们进去，我们进入纽约。我们有一千人在没有车在地上的情况下持有信用卡。

\[00:10:06\] So this wasn\'t a one hit wonder and so we just started
launching a ton of cities and we have this double rainbow of metrics.
What does it mean. Remember as liquidity goes up this is you know people
in the market place who are building a marketplace know what liquidity
means that means demand and supply go up together if they don\'t have a
marketplace. In our world as liquidity goes up the quality of the
experience goes up and it dramatically. Right. So our average pickup
times in San Francisco two minutes and 45 seconds when we first started
in New York we\'re like 12 minute average pickup times and let me tell
you you don\'t want to be delivering 12 minute pickup times to New
Yorkers. They will kick your ass. Laughter. So as it gets better now
we\'re right around five minutes in New York and that\'s kind of when
they lose their minds. As more people use it you go from the core user
base to bigger. The engagement actually gets deeper the number of rides
per rider per month actually go up as we expand as a cool cohort graph.
But who cares. The bottom line is that 50 percent of the people who ever
use still use and we\'ve seen that from the beginning. This is an
interesting one. This is San Francisco indexed revenue. So we\'re gettin
there\'s lots of town cars in San Francisco right. The number of town
cars that there were in San Francisco before we got there was 600. There
are now more cars dedicated to Uber than there were town cars in San
Francisco when we got there. And so you\'re like well this thing\'s
going to slow down this train is going to slow down at some point. We
indexed San Francisco revenue from last year due July 1st through the
end of the year and looked at this year July 1st to where we are now and
it\'s tracking almost identical. So it\'s not slowing down any time soon
and when you\'re talking about for a particular city 20 percent month
over month growth that\'s that\'s really big growth especially when
you\'re when the numbers are getting big. So on the operations side I
think a lot of us are techies. You know I\'m an engineer by training. We
know what product managers are we know what that means but when you\'re
on the ground when your technology touches people and it touches cities
what you have to do is have process managers process managers or similar
product managers they manage the process that people do versus machines
and the roadmap for product has to dovetail with the roadmap for process
because any time we change anything that happens in a car that\'s got to
change the tack and vice versa. So it\'s really interesting mapping
processes that we go through.

[00：10：06]所以这不是一个热门奇迹，所以我们刚刚开始推出大量的城市，我们有这双彩虹的度量标准。这是什么意思。记住，随着流动性的增加，你知道在市场上建立市场的人知道流动性意味着什么，这意味着如果他们没有市场的话，需求和供应就会同时上升。在我们的世界里，随着流动性的增加，体验的质量也会提高，而且会显着地提高。右（边），正确的所以我们在旧金山的平均拾取时间是2分45秒，当我们刚开始在纽约的时候，我们的平均拾取时间大约是12分钟，让我告诉你们，你们不想给纽约人提供12分钟的接送时间。他们会踢你屁股的。笑声。所以，随着情况好转，我们就在纽约待5分钟左右，这时他们就会失去理智。随着越来越多的人使用它，你将从核心用户群转向更大的用户群。每个骑手每月的乘车次数实际上会随着我们作为一个酷的队列图的扩展而增加。但谁在乎呢。底线是，50%的使用者仍在使用，我们从一开始就看到了这一点。这是一个有趣的故事。这是旧金山的指数化收入。所以我们在旧金山有很多城里的车，对吗？在我们到达旧金山之前，城里有600辆车。现在专门为优步服务的汽车比我们到达旧金山时的城镇车还多。所以你会觉得这东西会慢下来，火车在某个时候会慢下来。我们索引旧金山的收入从去年的7月1日至年底，并在今年7月1日，我们现在的情况，它的跟踪几乎相同。因此，它不会在短期内放缓，当你谈论一个特定城市的月增长率为20%时，这将是一个非常大的增长，尤其是当这个数字越来越大的时候。所以在行动方面，我认为我们很多人都是技术人员。你知道我是个受过训练的工程师。我们知道什么是产品经理，我们知道这意味着什么，但是当你在地面上，当你的技术接触到人们，它涉及到城市时，你必须做的是让过程经理或类似的产品经理来管理人们所做的过程，而机器和产品的路线图必须与过程路线图相吻合，因为任何时候我们都要改变任何事情发生在必须改变策略的汽车上，反之亦然。所以我们所经历的映射过程非常有趣。

\[00:12:56\] Come on.

[00：12：56]来吧。

\[00:12:58\] This is supposed to be a picture of Europe. We\'re rolling
out very big in Europe right now so getting the operational expertise. I
think this just isn\'t talked a lot about in startups is the operations
side of the business. I think a lot of e-commerce companies see that we
see it on a very deep level because you know the rubber\'s actually
meeting the road but getting teams ready to roll out in Europe is
something we\'ve been spending time in Paris and London right now. Like
I said we\'re gonna be in Amsterdam very soon and there\'s a whole host
of other cities that were that are lined up in Europe and that\'s going
to be a big push. And this year also in the first half of next year we
have somebody in Asia ready to go and city sort of our first city in
Asia Pac and I can\'t wait to go to a launch party. OK. So quality and
choice. It was really interesting right. We had this high end thing
it\'s costs about 50 percent more than a cab. And everybody said oh
there\'s high end and everybody goes wow I\'m going to do a low cost
Uber. There\'s like a few companies out there I can remember their names
that decide they\'re going to be a low cost to run they clone our app.
You know they flatter us by basically stealing all the pixels and
copying them over to their app. Uber Edwy Uber is going to be a low cost
Uber but it\'s about quality and choice and what we see when we low when
we roll out a low cost option. What we see is that actually engagement
gets deeper because people have choice they don\'t have to always get
the expensive thing so they start using it more often people who maybe
wouldn\'t start with the black car products start with taxi or what we
call Uber X and then it\'s date night and they will improve. You know
they want to impress their lady or they just need a comfortable ride.
And it goes from there. So this was a choice a beautiful thing let\'s
keep moving taxi we did in Chicago in April. We now have a few cities
were in Boston Toronto Chicago San Francisco we were in New York BOPA.

[00：12：58]这是一张欧洲的照片。我们现在欧洲推出了非常大的业务专长。我认为这只是\在初创企业中谈论得不多，而是业务的运营方面。我认为很多电子商务公司都看到了我们在一个非常深的层面上看到了这一点，因为你知道橡胶实际上是在满足道路，但让团队准备在欧洲推出是我们现在花在巴黎和伦敦的时间。就像我说的，我们很快就会来到阿姆斯特丹，还有很多其他城市在欧洲排成一排，这将是一个巨大的推动。今年，也是在明年上半年，我们有亚洲的一些人准备去，我们在亚洲的第一个城市-太平洋航空公司，我迫不及待地要去参加一个发射派对。好的所以质量和选择。真的很有趣对吧。我们有一种高端的东西，它的成本比一辆出租车高出50%。每个人都说，哦，有高端，每个人都会说，哇，我要做一个低成本的优步。就像有几家公司，我记得他们的名字，决定他们将是一个低成本运行，他们克隆我们的应用。你知道，他们通过窃取所有像素并将它们复制到他们的应用程序来讨好我们。Uber Edwy Uber将是一个低成本的优步，但它是关于质量和选择，以及当我们推出低成本选择时我们看到了什么。我们看到的是，事实上，订婚越来越深，因为人们有选择，他们不必总是得到昂贵的东西，所以他们开始更频繁地使用它，他们可能不会从黑色汽车产品开始，从出租车开始，或者我们称之为优步X，然后它的约会之夜，他们会改进。你知道他们想给自己的女士留下深刻印象，或者他们只是需要一辆舒适的车。从那里开始。所以，这是一个很好的选择，让我们继续开出租车吧，我们四月在芝加哥做的。我们现在有几个城市在波士顿，多伦多，芝加哥，旧金山，我们在纽约，波帕。

\[00:15:08\] Not anymore. Don\'t get me started. Fair enough we\'ll get
to that at the end. We did Uber acts which is sort of like a low end
Uber where we did this in July in San Francisco in New York and that\'s
where it\'s basically 30 percent cheaper. All hybrid fleet at least
inS.F. where we\'re starting to diversify a little bit out of hybrids
because we can\'t get the partners to buy cars fast enough. But the
thing is as you push a button and a car appears in five minutes and
feels magical but how you make that happen is actually very complex. So
we have a math department here. I like to tell them I say look guys
you\'re in charge of our margins right because they need to get the
pickup times really low but the utilization really high. How do you do
that right. Well you do that through a lot of math. Let\'s start with
our math department. Okay that\'s not my math department. We have two
nuclear physicists on staff. Computational neuroscientist a machine
learning expert and a few other guys there. They\'re killing it and some
of the things they do. They do demand prediction congestion prediction
supply matching supply positioning smart dispatch algorithms dynamic
pricing Friday and Saturday night or special nights. We sometimes get
really big waves of demand that you can\'t really get enough cars to do
anything about. So you have a marketplace oriented sort of dynamic
pricing element that clears the market it gets more cars on the road and
in sort of lassoes in sort of uncontrollable demand. You can\'t see
these pictures really well because of the lights but they\'re pretty
these are some heat maps of cities. This isD.C. right here. But you guys
probably can\'t see it. This is Manhattan. Can\'t you tell. Anyways
these are useless. I\'ll just keep going. Okay. All right. This right
here is what drivers see. This is our supply positioning so in our
company when mass goes operational that becomes how am I doing on time
by the way. I have no timing here. Eight minutes left. All right.
Minutes left. All right. This is going to suck. All right. All right. So
supply positioning right we have a heat map of demand but we basically
were predicting demand 20 minutes ahead of time. The problem is is that
if I gave the heat map to drivers they\'ll all go to the same spot and
then they\'ll be bad for a lot of people who aren\'t in that hot spot.
So what we do is we say here\'s the heatmap of demand or prediction for
20 minutes time. But where is the supply right now that\'s anti heat
that sucks the heat out of the map what\'s left over is residual heat
underserved demand. And we do down neighborhood by neighborhood basis
will ultimately go continuous on it. The math is very tricky and complex
and computationally intensive but that gives you a sense of some of the
things we do that\'s in car you don\'t see it because once you get in
the car he\'s on trip and he didn\'t see that map anymore. Dynamic
pricing. I talked a little bit about that already. We have one of our
nuclear physics guys is a big San Francisco Giants fan. Clearly we have
to look at events in the city because that affects demand in a big way.
When the Giants play of course demand is huge. When the Giants win it\'s
much huger than when they lose Pyong go on style. You know they want to
go the bars. They\'re just feeling good. Actually what\'s interesting is
in Boston when they lose when the Red Sox lose we actually have bigger
demand laughter.

[00：15：08]不再是了。别让我开始。公平地说，我们会在最后做到这一点的。我们做了Uber的表演，这有点像低端的Uber，我们7月份在纽约的旧金山做了这件事，那里的价格基本上便宜了30%。所有的混合动力车队-至少在旧金山-我们开始从混合动力车转向多样化，因为我们无法让合作伙伴足够快地购买汽车。但事情是，当你按下一个按钮，一辆车出现在五分钟内，感觉很神奇，但你如何使它发生实际上是非常复杂的。我们这里有个数学系。我想告诉他们，听着，伙计们，你们负责我们的利润，因为他们需要的收货时间很低，但利用率却很高。你怎么做对的。你用了很多数学才能做到这一点。我们从数学系开始吧。好吧那不是我的数学系。我们有两名核物理学家。计算机神经学家，机器学习专家和其他一些人。他们正在扼杀它和他们所做的一些事情。他们做需求预测，拥挤预测，供应匹配，供应定位，智能调度算法，动态定价，星期五和星期六晚上或特殊的夜晚。我们有时会遇到一波又一波的需求，你无法得到足够的汽车来做任何事情。所以你有一个以市场为导向的动态定价元素，它可以清除市场，让更多的汽车在路上行驶，在某种程度上是不可控制的需求。你不能很好地看到这些照片，因为灯光，但它们很漂亮，这是一些城市的热图。这里就是华盛顿。但你们可能看不见。这里是曼哈顿。你看不出来吗。不管怎样，这些都是没用的。我还是继续走吧。好的。好的这就是司机们看到的。这是我们的供应定位，所以在我们公司，当大众开始运作时，顺便说一句，我是如何准时完成的。我没有时间。还有八分钟。好的只剩几分钟了。好的这会很糟糕的。好的好的因此，供应定位正确，我们有一个需求热图，但我们基本上是提前20分钟预测需求。问题是，如果我把热图给司机，他们都会去同一个地方，对很多不在那个热点的人来说是不好的。所以我们要做的是，这是需求的热图，或者预测20分钟的时间。但是现在的供给在哪里呢？它的抗热把热量从地图上吸出来了，剩下的是剩余的热量，服务不足的需求。我们逐个邻里做下去，最终会继续下去。这个数学非常复杂，计算量很大，但这让你对我们在车里做的一些事情有了一种感觉，你看不到它，因为一旦你上车，他就在旅途中，他再也看不见那张地图了。动态定价我已经谈过了。我们有一个核子物理学的家伙是旧金山巨人队的忠实粉丝。显然，我们必须关注这座城市发生的事件，因为这在很大程度上影响了需求。当然，当巨人队发挥作用时，需求是巨大的。当巨人队获胜的时候，它比失去平庸的时候要大得多，那就继续流行吧。你知道他们想去酒吧。他们只是感觉很好。事实上，有趣的是在波士顿，当他们输了，而红袜队输了，我们实际上需要更多的笑声。

\[00:18:53\] No joke.

[00：18：53]不要开玩笑。

\[00:18:54\] Here\'s what\'s really interesting. It\'s not enough to
make money. I just gave way the punch line. But basically that huge
uptick in demand when that when the giant San Francisco Giants win
starts about three hours before the game begins.

[00：18：54]这里是真正有趣的地方。这不足以赚钱。我只是放弃了这句话。但基本上，当巨大的旧金山巨人队在比赛开始前三个小时开始的时候，需求就有了巨大的增长。

\[00:19:11\] Hubers Vegas is going to take on a whole new meaning.
Laughter.

[00：19：11]哈勃拉斯维加斯将有一个全新的意义。笑声。

\[00:19:15\] OK. So I\'ma really speed through here and this sucks
because there\'s so much cool regulatory stuff I have talked about. But
giving riders high fives look transportation and thought of as a boring
space it\'s boring. Well until you push a button and a car magically
appears. But we basically have lots of people love us and how do we get
them to tell that story over and over again given an excuse to tell the
uber story. So we do a lot of creative things. I think a lot of you guys
have seen that. But look Valentine\'s Day we distribute tens of
thousands of roses to thousands of drivers every girl who got on a car
after 4pmp.m. was handed a rose by the driver. That\'s a strong move.

[00：19：15]好的。所以我真的会加快速度，这太糟糕了，因为我已经说过太多很酷的监管内容了。但给骑手击掌看上去像交通，并认为是一个无聊的空间，这是无聊的。嗯，直到你按下一个按钮，然后一辆汽车神奇地出现。但我们基本上有很多人爱我们，我们如何让他们一遍又一遍地讲述这个故事，给出一个借口来讲述这个故事。所以我们做了很多有创意的事情。我想你们很多人都见过。但是看看情人节，我们给成千上万的司机分发了成千上万的玫瑰，每一个4分钟后上了车的女孩。司机递给我一朵玫瑰。那是个强有力的举动。

\[00:19:57\] Fellahs laughter.

[00：19：57]非诚勿扰的笑声。

\[00:20:01\] I call it I call this scaling romance on Presidents Day
inD.C. We did what we call an uber Kate K escalated towncar escalate
American flags all the way down to one out of every 20 people that push
the button and uber kid rolls up laughs the driver the driver has an
earpiece that makes him look like Secret Service.

[00：20：01]我把这个叫做“总统日”的浪漫故事叫做“华盛顿总统日”。我们做了一件我们所谓的“Uber Kate K”自动升级的城市汽车，把美国国旗升级到每20个人中就有1人按下按钮，孩子们笑了起来。司机有一副耳机，让他看起来像特勤局。

\[00:20:37\] And as you\'re driving through town kids are like waving
like knocking on the window. Laughter.

[00：20：37]当你开车穿过镇子时，孩子们就像在挥手，就像敲窗户一样。笑声。

\[00:20:44\] Laughter. We did something in we did something in South by
Southwest. We got pedicabs as you know into a town car south by. That\'s
just do she like don\'t do that but a pedicab. Let\'s do this right. So
we did that. That\'s cool 100 pedicabs you push a button pedicab takes
you where you want to go. But we took 10 of those pedicabs and we
outfitted them with these containers that could hold Texas barbecue. So
we did On-Demand Texas barbecue you pushed the button and a cow would
come to you on the map. We did ice cream in July. And every time we roll
out a city we do what\'s called rider zero the first person to get in an
uber when we saw lunch. It used to be an organic thing it just happened
and then them my city team started get excited. This is Edward Norton
taking the first. We were in Los Angeles to go surfing so we give riders
high fives but we give drivers hugs and that\'s because look the riders
you know they think it goes well they get to their business meeting on
time with the Nostrand a certain part of town. But for a driver who\'s
scrapping maybe has a few hours in the morning and one or two hours in
the evening or in the afternoon booked filling out that time with a
consistent revenue stream helps him make ends meet. And so you go from
just barely making ends meet to really making a living and then
investing in your business. We have drivers who\'ve gone from one car to
15. Each of those cars grossing more than 100 grand a year. So these
guys are living their American dream. This is Riadh. He actually was
hustling one of our engineers early on our engineers were getting
unlimited Uber. He\'s like I got it. We\'re cool but why don\'t you come
join Uber. He did. He\'s the highest performing driver on the system he
makes 20 to 30 percent more per hour most productive driver on the
system than all the other drivers. He also is the highest rated driver.
We saw him figured out how he does what he does. He now has five cars on
the system. He recently had his first born son named his son after
engineer it\'s not funny. Like that\'s for real. All right. This is
Honny. He\'s a comedian been in the city for about 25 years. He or he
thinks of himself as a comedian. Every time I get in the car he tells me
I used to be a Chippendale\'s dancer. Laughter. This is Steve Zee\'s and
guys just a signal when I\'m running out of time. I have no idea. I\'ll
go over and spend an hour up here if you let me two minutes. OK. All
right Steve zis has 15 or sorry 20 cars on the system. He started with
one. He\'s got five kids told me at 16 going on a 16 on the way. That\'s
funny I said Steve six kids you\'re crazy. What are you doing. That\'s
nuts. You\'ve got a business to run. He\'s like I got I got to keep the
uber uber fleet growing. Laughter. His son there doesn\'t look too happy
to be part of the uber fleet. Well I could talk about regulation. I\'d
spend a couple minutes. The bottom line is I can\'t go through a bunch
of slides because I really don\'t have the time. Well on a let\'s just
go until somebody stops saying this is a new york city medallion.
That\'s the license to basically own and operate a single taxi in New
York. The number of taxis or medallions in New York it\'s the blue bar
there the dark blue. It\'s basically been flat since 1946 the same
number of taxis that were in the city in 1946 is the same number of
taxis that are out there today. That value of that Medinas worth about a
million dollars a pop. There are 13000 medallions in the city of New
York. So you have 13 billion dollars directed at keeping Uber from being
successful. DC We had a really interesting situation. We went there by
the way we\'re as far as we could tell we were totally legal like love
legal nicest laws in the country in terms of sedans inD.C. butD.C. taxi
commissioner goes out there and says Hubers not legal. Because they
charge by time and distance. And let\'s just say that was real. Why is
charging by distance evil. I don\'t understand. I don\'t get it. But he
said look you\'re charged my time and distance you\'re not allowed. Well
we looked at the law. The law says sadhana for hire vehicle designed to
carry fewer than six passengers would charge for service on the basis of
time and mileage. Like what are you time I was going public forms
watching postetc. We go the attorney general in the District of
Columbia. And that\'s what he tells us.

[00：20：44]笑声。我们做了一些事情-我们在西南偏南做了一些事情。我们有三轮车，就像你知道的，在南边的一辆城里的车里。她就是这么做的-别那么做，只要有个三轮车就行了。让我们做好这件事。所以我们就这么做了。那是很酷的100个花梗，你按下一个按钮就能带你去你想去的地方。但是我们拿了10个这样的花环，我们给他们装了这些容器，可以容纳德克萨斯的烧烤。所以我们按下德州烧烤，你按下按钮，地图上就会有一头牛来找你。我们在七月吃了冰淇淋。每次我们推出一座城市，我们都会做一件被称为“零骑手”的事-当我们看到午餐时，第一个进入超级公园的人。它曾经是一个有机的事情，它刚刚发生，然后他们，我的城市团队开始感到兴奋。我是爱德华·诺顿。我们去洛杉矶冲浪，所以我们给骑手们击掌，但我们给司机拥抱，那是因为你知道的，骑手们认为一切都很顺利，他们会准时到镇上某个地方的诺斯特兰德去参加商务会议。但对于一名司机来说，他可能早上有几个小时的时间，晚上或下午有一两个小时的时间，用源源不断的收入来填满时间，可以帮助他维持收支平衡。因此，你从勉强维持收支平衡，到真正谋生，然后投资于你的企业。我们有从一辆车到十五辆的司机。每辆车每年的总收入都超过10万辆。所以这些人正在实现他们的美国梦。我是里亚德。他实际上是在催促我们的一名工程师，我们的工程师很早就得到了无限的优步。他就像我明白了。我们很酷，但你为什么不加入优步呢？是他干的。他是系统中表现最好的司机，他每小时的工作效率比其他所有的司机高出20%到30%。他也是最高等级的司机。我们看到他知道他是怎么做的。他现在有五辆车在系统上。他最近让他的第一个儿子以工程师的名字命名他的儿子，这一点也不好笑。就像那样\真的。好的我是亲爱的。他是个喜剧演员，在这个城市已经有25年了。他或他认为自己是个喜剧演员。每次我上车时，他都会告诉我，我曾经是奇彭代尔的舞蹈家。笑声。这是史蒂夫·齐和伙计们在我快没时间的时候发出的信号。我没有头绪。如果你给我两分钟的话，我就过去在这里呆上一个小时。好的好的史蒂夫·齐斯在系统上有15辆或20辆对不起的车。他从一个开始。他有五个孩子在16岁的时候告诉我在路上要开16辆车。真好笑我说史蒂夫六个孩子你疯了。你在做什么那太疯狂了。你有生意要办。他就像我要保持超高速舰队的增长。笑声。他的儿子在那里看起来不太高兴成为超级舰队的一员。我可以谈谈规矩。我会花几分钟。底线是我不能看一大堆幻灯片，因为我真的没有时间。好吧，让我们走吧，直到有人不再说这是纽约市的奖章。这是在纽约基本拥有和经营一辆出租车的执照。纽约的出租车或奖章的数量是蓝色的酒吧，是深蓝色的。自1946年以来，出租车基本上是持平的，1946年在这个城市的出租车数量和现在的出租车数量是一样的。一瓶麦地那酒的价值大约是一百万美元。纽约市有13000枚奖牌。所以你有130亿美元用来阻止优步成功。我们遇到了一个非常有趣的情况。顺便说一句，我们是完全合法的，就像爱一样，华盛顿特区的出租车专员说哈伯斯是不合法的，这在美国是法律上最好的法律。因为他们按时间和距离充电。让我们说那是真的。为什么远距离充电是邪恶的。我不明白。我不明白。但他说，你看，你用我的时间和距离，你是不允许的。我们看了法律。该法律称，设计用于载客少于六人的出租汽车的萨德哈纳将根据时间和里程收取服务费。就像你什么时候我去公共表格看postetc一样。我们去哥伦比亚特区的司法部长那里。他就是这么告诉我们的。

\[00:25:26\] Laughter So when you read about the crazy stuff we\'re
doing in the cities and I\'ve got to close this down some he\'s going to
have the hook and they\'re going to take me off here.

[00：25：26]笑声，当你读到我们在城市里做的那些疯狂的事情时，我必须要结束这个故事，他会抓住我的钩子，他们会把我从这里带走的。

\[00:25:40\] But when you read about the crazy stuff that we\'re doing
in the cities know that it is corrupt out there know that we are highly
highly disruptive in what you read in the papers isn\'t always true. And
the bottom line is that in order to be in this business in order to be
this disruptive to what\'s going on you have to have you have to be
willing to fight and you have to not be. You can\'t be shy. So it gives
you a little bit about it. Basically they tried to put a floor on our
prices I\'ll leave it at this one this last one here. They put a floor
on our prices or tried to pass what they called the uber amendment make
our prices five times out of a taxi. They rolled the amendment out July
10th as of Monday sorry July 9th. The vote on the bill was the tenth
sorry.

[00：25：40]但是当你读到我们在城市里所做的疯狂的事情时，要知道它是腐败的，要知道我们在报纸上读到的东西是非常具有破坏性的，但你在报纸上看到的并不总是正确的。底线是，为了进入这个行业，为了对正在发生的事情造成如此大的破坏，你必须有你必须愿意去战斗，而你必须不去战斗。你不能害羞。所以它给了你一些关于它的东西。基本上，他们试图在我们的价格上设一个下限，我将把它留在这里，这是最后一个。他们给我们的价格设了一个下限，或者试图通过他们所谓的“Uber修正案”，把我们的价格从出租车上打了五次。他们把修正案从7月10日推出，到星期一为止，对不起，7月9日。对该法案的表决是第十次遗憾。

\[00:26:34\] They put the bill out on the 9th that was a Monday at
4:00p.m. to vote on at 11:00a.m. the next day 18 hours most of which are
going to be sleeping. I wrote an e-mail to our consumers letting them
know that they\'re about to do this. And by the way the rationale was to
ensure that basically we don\'t compete. If a CEO of a company told said
something like this they\'d be in jail. But if you corrupt your
politicians and then push those laws down it\'s totally legal. Anyways
we did something called Life Liberty and the pursuit of membranous Uber
DC law was a hashtag 18 hours later. We had 50000 original e-mails.

[00：26：34]他们在9号，也就是星期一下午4点把账单发了出来。在上午11点投票。第二天，18个小时，大部分时间都要睡觉了。我给我们的消费者写了一封电子邮件，让他们知道他们将要这么做。顺便说一句，理由是确保我们基本上不竞争。如果一家公司的首席执行官告诉他这样的话，他们就会被关进监狱。但如果你让你的政客腐败，然后把这些法律推翻，那就完全合法了。不管怎样，我们做了一件叫“生命自由”的事，18小时后，我们开始追求膜式的优步公司(Uber DC)法律。我们有50000封原始电子邮件。

\[00:27:08\] These weren\'t robo e-mails that went to city council
people Tynemouth to vote for it. 37000 tweets 104 million social media
impressions and we won as you might imagine there wasn\'t a lot of sleep
during that time but it was so short it maybe didn\'t matter. So anyways
guys I think the bottom line. I\'ve got so much stuff Vegas by the way
gambling and prostitution illegal legal in Vegas but Hubers not. I got
so much stuff probably have to end this. I\'ll just end with just a
couple more slides here guys and I\'m sorry about this. Look
technology\'s wiring up the core services and city life right here being
a bunch other companies they\'re changing not just tech not just your
Twitter app. They\'re changing how you live but that change used to
happen over decades is now happening over months. Quality of Life is not
red it\'s not blue. It\'s just people right. Cities that resist are
going to feel backwards and their cities were not in. They feel
backwards. All right a lot of our customers who are used to this go.
Others say it doesn\'t work. So I asked the mayor what are you
protecting. Who are you protecting knowing realize they just don\'t even
realize that they\'re protecting they think the taxi industry think
drivers know you\'re actually screwing over drivers. So cities need
transportation alternatives but they need modern accountable convenient
stylish and efficient ones. We\'re out there in a city near you guys and
look I appreciate being here is a lot of fun. And thank you.


[00：27：08]这些不是知更鸟寄给市议会的电子邮件。在37000条推特上发布了1.04亿条社交媒体印象，我们赢了，就像你可能想象的那样，那段时间里睡眠不足，但时间太短了，也许无关紧要。所以不管怎么说，伙计们，我认为底线是。顺便说一句，我在拉斯维加斯有这么多东西，赌博和卖淫是非法的，但是哈伯斯没有。我有很多事情要结束。我只想在这里再看几张幻灯片，伙计们，对此我很抱歉。看看科技把核心服务和城市生活连接在一起，作为一群其他公司，他们正在改变的不仅仅是科技，而不仅仅是你的推特应用。他们正在改变你的生活方式，但这种改变过去是在几十年里发生的，现在却是在几个月之间发生的。生活质量不是红色的，不是蓝色的。只是人是对的。反抗的城市会感到倒退，而他们的城市却不在。他们倒着感觉。好吧，我们很多习惯这种做法的顾客。其他人说这不管用。所以我问市长你在保护什么。你在保护谁，意识到他们根本没有意识到他们在保护谁，他们认为出租车行业认为司机知道你实际上是在欺骗司机。因此，城市需要交通选择，但它们需要现代、负责、便捷、时尚和高效的交通方式。我们在你们附近的一座城市里，看，我很感激能在这里玩得很开心。还有谢谢你。

